Speaker A: According to the last call that we had, you explained about voice modulation. You are you're going to presenting something on your passion of dancing and with perseverance.
Speaker B: I am afraid I have not submitted it yet. I'm sorry. I could not complete it. I'm half the way. But today was really busy yesterday also. That's why cancer was but also not.
Speaker A: Okay. So let's talk about the tool that I was going to tell you about.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And at the end, can you see the widescreen? A lot of noise in the background.
Speaker B: Because I have another person in the room is available. Yeah, I have. Can you see me?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. Tell me.
Speaker A: Yeah. Whenever you are preparing for any kind of presentations or you have client meetings or any other meetings that you want to prepare the content. Right. Okay. So the first c is for context. Context to ask who are you presenting to? There is a first question that we should always and always ask, right. That is a receiver orientation. Right. Now why is, why do you think that is important? Why should we understand who we are talking?
Speaker B: Because that decides how we gonna present or like how that does that make matter to the person who is hearing that the audience, target group or the particular person. So that the information to be conveyed according to the person's understanding as it.
Speaker A: Is relevant to them, right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Is it relevant to them? What is the purpose? Right. So second, be a connected. A connecting thread that we need to find. Connecting thread. What can we use? What is that common between you and them or him or her? Right. It can be maybe you're from same background or facing the same difficulties in the same. So you have to find something that they can connect to, right?
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: So if you can get something like that, it'll be easily engaged. Right. That is one thing, yeah. And the third is utility and purpose. So whatever conversation that you're going to have, whatever meeting, whatever presentation is there, what is the through line, what is the purpose? What is the utility for them? Right. I need to understand who they are, what the presentation is about, what the client meeting or what a meeting is about. So that we can understand what can be utility for them. So that we can set the purpose done. Right. For details, as you said, we need to find what is relevant. Right. That you understand then comprehensiveness. So concept part may kitney detail that will depend on the ranking of the details that. Now what do I mean by ranking of details? So you should decide what are the three key areas, top three or more key areas that you want your crowd, your audience to remember that that is aligned with the utility and purpose so that you will have to align it with the rank as a rank. For example, the presentation that you want to try perseverance. Right? Through what. And I think another thing that you wanted to say was anyone can do it. Right? What we wanted to say, even normal person, anyone can, you know, have perseverance if they really want to do it. That is secondary. Third, perseverance is anyone can do it and you want to give it through your example and maybe encourage people to tell their examples, rank those details, then focus. If you're focusing on something that you don't, that doesn't connect with the utility means your purpose is going to connect. People are going to get disengaged of connecting that not relevant for them. So every, everything was haywire.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker A: Now for flow. Yeah.
Speaker B: So CDF is into context, details and flow.
Speaker A: Flow. Maybe a logic and chronology is something that needs to be followed.
Speaker B: I'm sorry, today I couldn't get reject laptop. Sorry.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So settle down.
Speaker B: I hope so. But it's not charging.
Speaker A: Mobile charging.
Speaker B: From morning. I've been running around, so couldn't put a phone in searching. So I'll be fine.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yes. Done.
Speaker A: Yeah. The last part that we want to talk about was law flow. So when you're talking about flow, we need to set a logic and chronology. We can't directly jump to a conclusion, right? Oh no. Through dancing, I want to explain this, right? You create a story out of it that you tell about your story, as you told me, for four months, six months, one year, every day you follow to that routine and at the end you sing. That is what I mean by perseverance. Right? Something like that. Right. So because logic, banana, logic is a chronology. Chronology is basically order. In what order you want to tell your things. That is where storytelling also comes in. Right. We also always should make sure that whatever you are trying to tell is like a story. Everyone is able to follow what we are trying to say. They may, you know, able to imagine getting at least get into your shoes. Right. When you are trying to tell the story, get into your perspective for that connecting thread. Who are we presenting to his importance if, because first, Unka, perspective low or perspective. Right. So for that you have to penetrate what can be something that they can connect, they can engage so that I can, you know, gain, break the barrier, get them to listen to you and then tell your prospect. So that will always help with storytelling. Right? So for you, uh, you know, we always, as you said, we always struggle. That is something that I'm sure everyone will be able to connect. Right. Everyone wants to do something. But timely. Even I would say timely, but yeah, there's a lot of things even I would like to do, but timely that in last create an impact. So this is a very basic tool. Right. I try to pick examples from the story that you are going to write. So tell me, uh. Just go through it once and tell me is if something does not make.
Speaker B: Sense, definitely I'll do that.
Speaker A: Just have a look through it. Just have a look through it. Do the tool. Have a look through the tool. And if that something doesn't make sense.
Speaker B: Something that doesn't make sense. Yeah, sorry.
Speaker A: Right. So also I hope you. We also saw how everything, you know is interconnected. If I draw lines, draw Karunga, just to see that everything is interconnected. Everything is repetitive in this tool. Right. So context, details and flow. So I want to make sure that you use this in the presentation, in the thing, story, Patanika presentation Banada. I hope that you can use that in it. Right. Does that make sense?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Is there anything else you want to discuss? I think. I think you're in a hurry today.
Speaker B: Not hurry. I've been in hurry since morning.
Speaker A: Sorry, sorry. I was. Katra, can you repeat?
Speaker B: Yeah, I was saying I've been waiting. Now I'm good right now. Just as I was in mode.
Speaker A: You're in the work mode?
Speaker B: Yeah. Like multiple tasks. They were. So I have to finish them. So now. Right now I'm good.
Speaker A: Okay. Thank you. Thank you. So. So. Okay, in the writing, is there any other resistance that you find or something that you would like to discuss or anything of that sort?
Speaker B: No, the contemplation, only the slow one in the first one with my grandpa had a work about that. I written some award for that. The order, the pronunciation was very different. So that was what I was finding. Like, I feel this would help.
Speaker A: That's good. Review it with the tool. A Toolko. A tool set. Kirk. They go, how can we apply it to the presentation that you're trying to make if something doesn't make sense? Or. And the best part is when we are written it down. Written all our ideas down. That is why we use the mind map. Ls Joby ideas mind map. Right. So that we have all of it. When you all the ideas in one place, then you can set the logic chronology, you know, even mark what key areas that we want to focus on. So you can actually use the mind map with this tool to focus on the areas. Okay. So this can be, for example, this can be a connecting thread, right? So these are. You can mark what are three key areas that needs to be focused on, right. If your concern is the other detail, right. For example, first a particular point here, right. You can 1234. You can have key areas, other detail up. Figure out Kasakto. And we know a lot of points. What will be the first sequence? A first oga. A second oga should be the third. Right. This will be the fourth. Something like that. What makes sense. That is why you just, you get all your ideas on paper, right? So some ideas then you can use this tool. Okay, how can I use this? What will be the relevant things that cover. So you can even cancel out something, right. It's not really relevant to the top.
Speaker B: Having all the tools with us, like power point or word paint or anything we have. You have a pen and paper, you have a lot of relief. I feel very relieved. And when I can write something rather than type it in.
Speaker A: Also have an artistic edge. Who pen and paper. But there are a lot of. Actually I haven't explored. I wanted to explore. So I have a note, so note. Samsung can note, so. But there are lots of applications in which you can draw, right? Drawing on a Bhawati Autodesk sketchbook, hair, art flow hair. So that. Lots of different apps, actually digital artists.
Speaker B: I used to draw even in autocad 2d. It was actually good. But no, I love Penn even you have digital application where you can insert the minimal sketch, erase it, paint over it, so that you don't do the.
Speaker A: Okay. That's okay. The old school is also different, so do what suits you best.
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker A: Try to, you know, apply this tool in that. And is there anything other than that you wish to, you know, discuss about in the next few calls?
Speaker B: Okay, let me have a doubt, which I wanted to clear. See, we might be not grammatically perfect every time. So right now, these days we have so many applications or auto correct nowadays, then we can click on it and it will automatically correct it. So why do we stress that we should be more good in grammatical things? Exactly. When you speak to someone, the grammar sometimes may be not perfect, but still the body will understand. So it's only on verbal that it helps organized writing. There was no application or anything we can write fire on or somebody can depend on it on writing. So what all reasons we can for that.
Speaker A: So what are applications?
Speaker B: What all positive notes we can say to be improving on a grammatical note.
Speaker A: So you want to improve on your spoken English grammatical mistakes?
Speaker B: No, I'm saying in general, if we are not good at drama, but maybe good at speaking. So how should we tell the person or anyone that even if you are good at expressing things and the other person understands, why should you be improving your grammar? How do we protect those?
Speaker A: Okay, so I think we are. You are having a hard time having this conversation with someone.
Speaker B: So, no, I don't have any question.
Speaker A: Right. Let's. In general or in specific, let's say so detail, maybe on path. I'll keep this in mind, I'll keep a note of it and we'll talk. So we'll take one session on kinds of objection handling and negotiation, in which we can only change the perspective of how we talk to people while we want to convince them.
Speaker B: These free apps. Free applications, all these are coming saying that it will be perfect if you use this application to send something official, email or anything. The application that you will be having a perfect language so that you can have confidence. So I had a note that even if you don't have the perfect English or grammar, how do you like make understand the other person or anybody who seriously wants to make the application or something. So, whatever it is, I wanted the pro points of having the language ourselves, rather than completely using the grammarized sentences or formal things like that. It's not to tell anybody. I'm just telling you for that.
Speaker A: Okay. Those are badmay discussed there. So I will take it up in a separate topic. Objection. Handling. Kirk, it's all about making those tough conversations with people where you actually want to tell what are they? Or sometimes they are having a resistance to what you are saying.
Speaker B: Proper English. So even if we try to correct them, they won't be understanding. So we have to change the conversation levels. We are having that to them so that they understand. So that's why we cannot.
Speaker A: So things like that, we will definitely take it up. So I'll take a note of that and separate, let's say session is right.
Speaker B: Thank you. Bye bye.
Speaker A: And we, I hope next time you'll be ready with the presentation. I will be great. Okay, Jake, goodbye.
