Speaker A: Come Ojangi next. How do you connect the microphone for microphone connect Karnakahi problem are nothing else. Sorry. How deny karogato microphone Cassie use career no issues. If you can connect on zoom it will be but better for a little for me, right? That's all right. So let's jump to our conversation, right. So Ravi, so you know why we are set up this call, correct. But let's, before we jump to our communication expectations and scenario, tell me a little something about yourself, Ravi, where are you from? Okay. Quality department. Okay, so can you tell me a little more about quality department, the job role that you're working in? So what do you mean by DG? What is, what is DG can because as I'm not from Sterling Evilson, I would have a little difficulty in understanding that. So can you help me explain? Help me understand that.
Speaker B: Pardon, sir.
Speaker A: So as I'm not from Sterling and Wilson, right. So I don't know what DG means. What do you mean by DG? So can give me an, help me understand in a simple way, what do you do.
Speaker B: Basically to the engine? We can also, we can also control the electric output through the control panel. We have also fitted a control panel as the customer requirement. Sometimes customer requirement, auto means failure, sometimes switch gears are fitted in the panels and different types of bastion open type system. We have manufactured and predicting DG said sometimes customer asking for acoustic enclosure, acoustic enclosure type based frame. So we can also, we are manufacturing acoustic type enclosures. Okay, so basically, basically we have manufacturer manufactured four types of deserts. One is open open type deset, second is acoustic enclosure. Third is cap type, can you set? And fourth and last one is container. Container. Containers type d sets and containers in container. We have purchased the containers from outsourced from ports. ANd we have, we have changes. We have changes and cut the container as for the customer as per the design. So in quality department, we have checked all the cuttings, marking, grinding, fabrication and welding as per the drawing, drawing or customer customer approved drawing. After that. After that, we have assembled the engine and alterator on a common base frame as per the, as per the design. And we have put, we have put a, we have put a base desert into the container. Then we have fitted, then we have fitted the control panel few times and it's sound insulation inside the container. Then after we then tested that and tested a DZ on 415 volts or 400 volts or as per customer requirement, whatever they required.
Speaker A: Okay, can you just place the camera a little farther? Because only thing I'm seeing is this much so. Right. Is. Is that bit comfortable? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So that helps me to understand what you do in your job role. So can you tell me in terms of communication? Right. You must have even expressed some of the expectations in the orientation as well. But if you go through that.
Speaker B: Someone and disturb me. So can you please pardon? Please?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, sure. You need two minutes, please?
Speaker B: No, sir. So I'm gonna disturb me.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker B: So what do you. What do you say? I'm not distant, sir.
Speaker A: Okay. No issues. No issues. Right. So we wanted to talk about the expectations, right? From the workshop. From you. Correct.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So my expectation. Sometimes I am. Sometimes I am nervous in front of senior management. While I'm talking. While I'm talking in front of my seniors, general manager or planted, I become nervous.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: I'm totally hesitant.
Speaker A: Okay. So. But is the hesitation only in front of senior managers?
Speaker B: Yes, sir.
Speaker A: Okay. And why is that, if I. If I may ask?
Speaker B: Appropriate. Appropriate words are not what I have to say. I don't know.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Appropriate words are not found at that time. Words are not structure and thoughts are what I have to say, not clear at that time. That's why I'm totally nervous.
Speaker A: So is it because of nervousness is one thing that you did tell me about, right. Hesitation and nervousness was there. Right.
Speaker B: And appropriate and appropriate words are not found at that time.
Speaker A: Correct. So you feel that? So because you would have to communicate in English with your seniors. Of course. Right.
Speaker B: In fact, it only.
Speaker A: Definitely.
Speaker B: Yeah. Right, sir.
Speaker A: But seniors meetings are virtual meets. Right.
Speaker B: In virtual meeting, we talk English.
Speaker A: Do you feel English? Majestic. You feel that loss of words is something that you said. So is it because of English? What do you feel?
Speaker B: So, not regularly. You. Not regularly use and the English is not about. Not ever a mother tongue.
Speaker A: Yes. Correct.
Speaker B: That's why words are not coming at that time.
Speaker A: So can we say we want to work on our language fluency? Right. Language fluency would be something I want to work on. And also you feel loss of words. What is the right word to express this feeling or this. This emotion or what. What is really happening in the plan. Correct. So we can also say we want to develop our vocabulary. Correct. Can you say that so that, you know, what is the right thing to say? What is the right word that I should use? Right words. Developing fluency and overcoming hesitation. Right. Basically understanding what do your managers want? What do they really want from you? Right. And so would you say technical current of Henry.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: How many years have you been working with Sterling and Wilson from.
Speaker B: Since 2013, sir.
Speaker A: 2013. So there has been nearly seven. Seven years. More than seven.
Speaker B: More than seven years.
Speaker A: So technically the good problem. Oga. Any. Definitely no.
Speaker B: No problem.
Speaker A: Right. But English. My present. Karna Dikata.
Speaker B: That's why. So basically. Basically Maria Bolus.
Speaker A: We definitely work on it. So that when we build our language proficiency, we also build our confidence along the way.
Speaker B: Right, sir.
Speaker A: I know what to speak. I know.
Speaker B: Right, sir, we also.
Speaker A: That is something definite. We can definitely focus on. We will focus on. Right. And as our. So what is this monthly meeting about? So what do you have to normally present just for my.
Speaker B: Basically the factory is working on five skip project, sir. On five s. Five s. Safety, guidance and cost saving projects. And previously we have. We have conducted this project. This approach for cost saving for any types of project, for benefits or for benefits of productivity, quality, safety and finance. This type of project. We have taken into account of this.
Speaker A: Okay, so you are the one who's responsible for operating it. Would you say that?
Speaker B: Not, sir. Operating, sir. I am a. I am a. Sir. I have taken a one project in this project for cost saving, sir. To.
Speaker A: How to.
Speaker B: How to reduce the cost.
Speaker A: Okay, present the results. If we applied the d, this diesel process, this product.
Speaker B: And then we have reduced the cost from x to. Yeah, right.
Speaker A: So that is something we have to express. Okay. Definitely work on that. Right. So we can take in similar situations from work. Right. So. So I am busy also. I'm also has a background of mechanical engineering. But I pursued HR. HR as my masters. Because I wanted to work with people more rather than machines. Right. So would be something I easily be able to understand. But how long as a practice current explain Kasaka. Right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So I didn't know what DG means. But I wanted to see how you're able to explain it. A lot of people are not able to. And that also helps me understand. This is the part where we are lacking. Right. So you did start from the very basics. Something that converts from mechanical to electrical. So that. Good, that's good. That's really actually helping the audience to understand that.
Speaker B: Right, right.
Speaker A: And english grammar as well as the choice of words, building a vocabulary is something we will work on. Right.
Speaker B: So basically. No. So basically, I have one problem. I have never read English. English newspaper. English books. That's why this is. This. That's why I am. Now I'm suffering this. This. Now I'm suffer this situation.
Speaker A: Who is stopping you now, sir?
Speaker B: Time. No times here. Right now there is no time to reading a newspaper. English magazines.
Speaker A: Okay, so what time do you have to reach the office.
Speaker B: So, uh, early morning, we have reached, uh, 939 30.
Speaker A: And how much time does it take you to travel? How do you travel?
Speaker B: 1 hour.
Speaker A: 1 hour and what there would be a bus from the, from Wilson bus.
Speaker B: Sir. Totally tired. Totally tired. And sleep. Totally tired and sleep.
Speaker A: In the morning. In the morning also my morning also, sir.
Speaker B: Sit and sit and sit and sleep.
Speaker A: Okay. So we'll have to find out sometime, even if it is 15 minutes, like ten to 15 minutes of Shanti, which padi power. Now that will also make a huge difference.
Speaker B: So. So I have a call from my boss.
Speaker A: All right. We can, we can wrap it up, right? So that helps me understand. But we will talk about in detail how we can improve on that. And we also try to work around your timings also. Okay?
Speaker B: Okay, sir.
Speaker A: How we can work around the timing, how we can make the best of what the time we at we have. Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Good commitment from your end. And of course, we, as I said, we'll work around your timings. We'll see what we can do. You can take your call. I will let you know of the further process.
Speaker B: Okay, sir.
Speaker A: Thank you, sir. See you in the coaching call.
Speaker B: Okay, sir. Thank you, sir.
