Speaker A: Yes. I mailed you in the morning.
Speaker B: Right. Okay. So did directly take it from the transcript?
Speaker A: Yes, I take it. I have listened the video. Audio video. Then I took the sentences from that video and write it down in the sheet.
Speaker B: Actually, I'm sure by the Kojbi we got confused when we started out with a sentence. But then we ended it abruptly. Right. Okay. So when I start my day in the morning, when I reach the office. All right. Gave and give. So tense. Right. So this is a tense error.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Okay. You have to achieve these goals in the evening. You need to achieve these targets in today's market working. Right. So it's called the Orm specific tricarta. Now, today's also use the apostrophe. Apostrophe shows.
Speaker A: Okay, fine.
Speaker B: Right. Ravish car. Right.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker B: Ravishes car. But. But if you take an example, that's how it is used.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Right. You need to achieve these targets in today's market working. Now. Market working capital. Do you think this is the right word.
Speaker A: Today? Sales. Generally in sales we are using these terms. That's why I rotate over there.
Speaker B: Market working voltage.
Speaker A: Market working Volta. Yes.
Speaker B: So what were you trying to achieve exactly?
Speaker A: Actually, we use market working in our working.
Speaker B: Or can we say market walking is not a right word or company. Obviously it. There are a lot of jargons in different organizations that they would use. So you need to achieve these targets by today evening.
Speaker A: Yeah, it may be correct. We can use.
Speaker B: We can also use this actually in our Dusra or SMS language name.
Speaker A: No, sorry. Actually.
Speaker B: Right. You need to achieve. Or you have to. Is also fine. You have to achieve these targets by today. Depend. Right. I used to go in the market. Go. When I go to the market. Okay. So why we change? I used to. To.
Speaker A: When I actually. We used. Used to form in the past tense. And. And when we are talking about the present tense, I. We have. We use this. I go to the market and. And.
Speaker B: All right. So ten same, I think ten sir key bath. Right?
Speaker A: Yeah. Right. Right. Because used to generally kata home to.
Speaker B: I the simple present. Just. I eat breakfast. I go to the market.
Speaker A: I go to the market. I go to the home. Yes.
Speaker B: Simple present job. Irrespective of day time, whatever.
Speaker A: Yes, yes.
Speaker B: Like a habit. Simple present. Right. So when I go to the market and then you complete whatever was left. Right?
Speaker A: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Speaker B: I used to go in the market. Um. All right. Got it.
Speaker A: But when I use kali, the past.
Speaker B: Terms, I think even like just say apna pushakarte. Right. So typical word. Translational problem here.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Right. Good. So I used to go to the weakest dBsr. I do the market. So you cannot do the market, right? Or you can say, uh. The field market working evolves.
Speaker A: Yes, yes, yes.
Speaker B: I do the market with the week. So let's say, uh.
Speaker A: I will work with me.
Speaker B: Will work with my weakest dbs are, right. Or sorry. I take or I go with. Go to the market. Right.
Speaker A: I go to the market with my leaders now.
Speaker B: Because go to the market. The company may samaj Majata. Right.
Speaker A: Correct. I do the market. Got it.
Speaker B: The market. Major, your task is to go to each distributor with the market. Convince them of the supply and whatever is checklist.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Right. I used to take the gate. I take the gate meetings in the morning, right. Take the gate meetings in the morning. Your. This is your target. Your today's tag decoy order problem. Okay. So the EA concept, uh. Discuss why. Yes. Vop DJ. Does it ring any bells? Nina. Okay. All right.
Speaker A: So yeah, actually your today target is.
Speaker B: Wait. Your today's target is. So what we'll do is. Now this is a concept that I want to take up, right. So this is subject.
Speaker A: Verb check.
Speaker B: Object.
Speaker A: Object pronunciation time.
Speaker B: So this is like a formula for forming simple sentences in English.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Right above sentence. Kamatlab kia mujabata kiska.
Speaker A: Target is.
Speaker B: So for example, if I put this in a simple sentence, I eat, right? Apples, right. These are always optional, right?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So we can say every day or every Tuesday or whatever, right. So this is the ideal order that it thing should be in.
Speaker A: Subject is I am. I am. He or she.
Speaker B: That is subject what you're talking about. Right?
Speaker A: Verb, I know.
Speaker B: Or we can even say the market is right. Is closed. Right. Market is closed. Simple. SV. Right. Or directly place bija sakta. Depends on what the meaning is.
Speaker A: What we are trying to say.
Speaker B: So. Yay. X sentence normal formula. Hedgeham. Use Karthi. Right. Now try to. Let's try k yay. Barabar hora. Okay. Right. Today's target shallow. Right. Target is something that you work out. We can say target is object.
Speaker A: Object. Correct.
Speaker B: Right. One more thing that we have to remember in this formula is time can also be in the beginning.
Speaker A: Beginning. Okay. Right.
Speaker B: Now it depends what you want to emphasize on. Instead of grammatical correctness or depend. Karthik is emphasized. Is time relevant or is. For example, today's your. Today's target. Yeah.
Speaker A: Setting as a target for today's night. Target for today. Is this distance.
Speaker B: Actually incomplete here? So this make motion. Can you complete the sentence.
Speaker A: Today'S target is secondary. Kanye.
Speaker B: Target let's say is the work. Right? Target.
Speaker A: Today your target is ten lakh secondary of this. Correct. Correct. Yes.
Speaker B: Try to see igbar svopt lick cake bar. They go in a lot of times a advanced level may be kamata in a different way. Time. Kaham looks amazing. Today your target is to complete this much of secondary memory and secondary. Right. And report to me on this place at this time as a good view, sir.
Speaker A: Fine.
Speaker B: So what will you do tomorrow? So grammatically this is correct. What will you do tomorrow? Right? Of course. Tom Komyagar.
Speaker A: Grammatically it is correct. What will you do tomorrow?
Speaker B: Hmm.
Speaker A: Right to worry. Target homeschool. That is why I wrote it. What are the KPIs for tomorrow?
Speaker B: What are the. Or what are your. I think I said your KPI key performance indicators.
Speaker A: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Speaker B: Right. Of capital. And tomorrow single m. Tomorrow.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: I take the feedback. I ask the results.
Speaker A: Actually I take the feedback. Marketer feedback. To do terminal feedback use time. I take the feedback from the DBsrs. Feedback. Feedback theory. End result. Kera. I asked the result in the evening particular frame. I take the feedback in the evening from the DBSR. What you have done today market.
Speaker B: So I asked the results. I asked or I asked if. Let's say. I ask the DBSR if he has completed the tasks. The task, I think I guess task bolts of the area. KPI agara Bolte.
Speaker A: I asked the DB sir if he has completed the task. So, yeah, I'm present by use. Kurt. Generally I asked the DBS.
Speaker B: Every evening. I ask right question. Right question. The dbs are our question. My dbs are General Karnataka.
Speaker A: Yeah. Best project review.
Speaker B: Perfect. Perfect review. The work done by right by the DBSS at the end of the day every evening. Say, Charlotte. Sorry. Every evening I review the work done by my DBS as. Right.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Right. In the evening when we came back. In the evening when we come back to the office. Habitually. Habitually. You're speaking in past tense.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: And you're explaining something. So that is. See, that was the whole purpose. Now, we found out that past tense is something that we constantly use.
Speaker A: English language. Grammatical error, but language English.
Speaker B: I've actually been in your place. Let's say I've been in a place where it's more. It's worse than yours. Right. So that was actually fresh. That was my first job. I was in a microfinance.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Right. Now, if you know the microfinance and you know people are employed fy one for managers and we call them ca, the credit assistant. The people who go from village to village to collect all of those things.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Initially before I got a place for my child, we are training for three to four months or nearly four to five months on the field. That's when I realized my holdover English is completely gone. Because there's no way I could talk in English. And the places that we would send either they were in Gujarat. So because I was Gujarati, right? After some place like Hindi Jamba speak what they were sent to Burhar, Madhya Pradesh. So I had to be there for. Had to be the branch manager for one month there. The only English I would speak is would when I'm communicating with my senior in the head office or I'm sending emails, right? So that was the whole purpose of this program also that you get an environment where you can speak in English. And eventually if your manager also agrees, you can start speaking in English. We can be care. All the acs and all the managers will always, let's say speak in English, right? They can always try. So that when you get the environment, you can always brush up on it correctly, right? So that will really help. Because I understand. Because out of sight, out of mind. Same way, if it's not into habit, we'll definitely forget it, right? You believe it or not, after three to four years out of Gujarati may problem. So even if I speak fluently and being three years in Hyderabad, I used to add in some telugu words. Okay, imagine going to a restaurant with your friends and interesting. Excuse me or Bhaiya. I say Anna, imagine what happens to me. My friends will roast me for the next ten minutes. So those things are there. So habitual changes. Can you identify some environment, some places, some people where you can communicate in English? Or you can say, okay, let's communicate English. Whenever we talk so that we can brush up, we can always see, oh no, this is not the right word. This is the right word or you're saying it in this sense. Right? So do have someone that you can do that? Now we also. We are probably very pressed for time also as we are in the last lap of the presentation as well. Right? Program. Sorry. Not presentation. Right? Key last or calicata mana improving. So as a karangay connect Karteho. Right. Extract Karthiro. Right. We can share it in the just first initial half, right? And focus on other things as well. Okay. Now eventually we have to focus on making a final presentation. Correct. The final presentation. Klea. Now do you remember? Yeah. I'm going to discuss Kiata IVLP man.
Speaker A: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Speaker B: Right. So keep so these number char capabilities, right? Thinking, articulation, accuracy and presence. So you thinking Kapata gapura. When this is in place, you'll be able to really do it well. So tell me concept topic laser there. Then we go back to this tool and try to seek which apply Karpathekani bhat, right? So that in phases we can prepare for. Let's say you just prepare something on write up. You just say to me, right? Some discuss Kara what is the flow? And when I. When you are explaining to me, I make a recording of it. Same way if you work on the sentences also. So don't simultaneously come current, okay?
Speaker A: All right. Particular phrase. May I concept of use cases.
Speaker B: So it can be a variety of topics. Really? I really. It's my personal belief that I like. Don't like to give topics. Because if I give a topic, it's from my point of view, right? If I give a topic that is you are interested in that makes sense for you. Because I think your behalf yearly review the Kathamogala what? Anchor, right? Of course. And in a one two week JC meeting is also coming up. So you can even prepare for something related to work that you can present here. Prepare here. Right here. So that you can use it in a JC meeting also. That's a good social.
Speaker A: Charo phase complete correctly user Jessica.
Speaker B: Any topic for that you can use. So variety of topics have been chosen by other participants. Kiss nebata nat distribution channel what are the steps that I will create someone saying that met with an exact particular case? DBS problem water manic is a solve meeting may submit Karnataka those killing a presentation banana so there are variety of topics that people have chosen. Tell me what makes sense for you. It can be of course non work related or sakta but related to work. Okay. I think your manager will also love to see it.
Speaker A: So rectification business week and negata sad business we have grow karthik.
Speaker B: Now explain the same in English. I'm going to for now push you to speak in English.
Speaker A: Okay. For corrected sentences many for your.
Speaker B: For our gund only, right? Because we have to be comfortable speaking in English, right? That is right.
Speaker A: We should we take a case like when we join. When I got transferred from Mehra to Agra, there was some issue with the distributor in Kumar agency. He was having some stock issues. His stalking issues in his go down and related to all the issues. Which is. Which are related to his investment only. Investment part only. And he was saying that his investment part was too high and he is not able to do the work further with our company. So what I did I resolved. I I was trying. I tried to resolve his issues as much as I can and as I said as and trying to cover the business also as well what I did.
Speaker B: Okay so let's let's try to get clarity here. So going back to this tool again so structure of Banara but what is the purpose? What will be the purpose for this? Why would you tell this right in a JC meeting? What would be the purpose of it?
Speaker A: JC meet exactly what you are asking.
Speaker B: So if you want to present on a situation yet you faced in Agra and how you solved it. So and you're presenting it in a JC meeting. So what is the purpose of you explaining this to everyone? Why should they listen?
Speaker A: Okay. Because this is the, this type of issue everyone is faced in the sales team. Everyone is faced this type of issue in sales mostly. So this is, this is the time when we have to face some rigid distributors and we have to solve their problems and sastarabna work we garna so easily.
Speaker B: Do you want to demonstrate how you were able to solve the issue or you took a unique approach something like that.
Speaker A: Not a unique approach but kind of how I manage the things over there. That is impact or he was least interested in to do the business with RV but right now he's more interested in business with RV because his investment part is mostly will resolve. Almost done ochuka all right so okay.
Speaker B: So now thinking of the receiver then take a proper right upkeep situations joby hello. Yeah situations are face Nikki they'll be able to learn that. So that is also another way of attracting some attention right. Okay situation many face kia as you said it is common right. So now coming back to the receiver. Now when you start like this let me tell you a situation what are the. What do you think are the expectations.
Speaker A: Receiver expectations.
Speaker B: Hmm.
Speaker A: Because first thing this is the. This is the scenario which everyone faced in his life if he is into say if he or she is into sales in for FMCG sectors only. So another one that if we talk about the Agara it is very crucial territory for every company. It is a very tough part for in up.
Speaker B: What I am asking is let's say you start I want to tell you an exact story or want to tell you something that I faced in Agra right now. When you start something like this right. What do you think as an audience would be their expectations. Okay story Batara to directly at the first instance of expectations. Kagi Kiska Sikh name so their expectation is to learn something.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: So that will be our issue of focus that you they learn something from it. Now tell me how will you make it easy to comprehend Matlab? Easily understandable.
Speaker A: Generally use my terms. Easily complicated is now.
Speaker B: Plus I would always encourage that. Yah. This is the right time to use a little of storytelling, right? Storytelling. In business storytelling, it is very important that you are able to now in any situation, right? I'm cutting my own. So any situation. Let's say you're even expressing your issue. You're explaining your problems or how you for in this case solve the issue, right? So by just your words, can you take people there? Can you take people in the story? What happened, right? That is the power of words.
Speaker A: Imagination. We weigh.
Speaker B: So it's not just that sound effects. Even without the sound effects, I'm sure you will able to be reached there, right? So easy comprehension to hey. But also that plays both role in easy comprehension as attracting attention. They will be listening to you with rapt attention. Attention like that. That happens, right? So now also facilitating retention. Why and how will you make sure that they remember your story and why? How would you think they will be able to apply it? So yay story. Yadrah. How you facilitate retention. Why? Because you also want to make sure that they remember that this is how you solve such an issue. Or this is one of the ways of solving such a issue, right?
Speaker A: Usma story and the love actually made samyali but Asa map suspense type could create Karnabaraya.
Speaker B: But suspense other lots of ways of making, you know, making sure people retain what you have done first. Of course, when they have the purpose and you are giving them value, of course they are going to seek. So that first phase is completed. They are already interested. They are already facing this kind of situation. So they are interested. So retention automatically will be better.
Speaker A: So either or you can have a particular scenario. Obviously you keep back of the mind.
Speaker B: Let'S say. But what if they get stuck at, right? So let's say you give them a token. Whenever you face a situation, you do three things. One, two, three. Simplify it for them. That also has easy comprehension and also facilitates retention situation. That is just an example. You can always see other easy comprehension here. You can always use slides, photographs, graphics in your presentations as well, right? Of course. If the time permits, that is.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: The voice of b up. Explore curse. This was on thinking, right? So articulation accuracy map Kawaii care mistakes now correct. Correct the last concert. So we have four capabilities. Now that we are assessing you on apnea meet report. They cover GG. The last capability, Johan is presence.
Speaker A: Presence.
Speaker B: Right. To able to see presence. Now presence make a kachi saga that if I show you this, right. Amara current, actual or other improvement the kaga, I will be able to change this course. Okay. Final report. Be sad. This is what will be there upper your presentation. Oh God.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And there will be a final message from me also. Okay. What? So even if I am not there, that is. The program has ended. How will we go ahead with it?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So presence body language, a voice modulation. Now with the COVID Whatever presentations that you're going to give is going to be on virtual, right? Virtual platforms. Right? So virtual platform. Make us up there. Right. Though you can. First thing is that always start your video, right? Video chalu Karna. But I see this frame. It's an Ajo frame. Now what is most clear is. Let's say we don't. Let's. The video is not possible because of the network. Right? Then what is the most striking thing that you find? For example, if I close my video like this, it's all about the voice. Correct. It's all about the voice. Then the voice is most important. Right. So Apkaja recording up Nasunos my voice may Kalaga.
Speaker A: Confidence level committee.
Speaker B: So confidence major confidence.
Speaker A: Or confidence obviously confidently answer. Yeah.
Speaker B: So you feel that confidence when someone is able to speak something clearly, right?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Let's just try and hear our recording for next two minutes.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: So do a minute ago right up the last recording here. Because I'm sure voice. Okay. Okay. Let me see if I shared the audio as well. Yeah. Okay.
Speaker A: Can I start?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: When I start my day, I usually. Wherever I am. Where the. Wherever I am in Agra. Whether it will be in. I am in Agra. I am in math. I used to take the gate meetings with my team members. First thing I used to. I invite. I am taking. I am. Whenever I am in the market, I take the gate meetings with my. With my team members. And I usually give them the daily KP's first thing is daily gate meeting. Second one is I usually give them a daily KPI target. How? What you have to do in the market? What to do? What will you do in the market today?
Speaker B: Even if you were clear, right? The point was you were clear what you wanted to say. But while we are forming sentences, we get a little confused. Now this would be of course be less when you are prepared. Because this was, I think an impromptu question. Asked by me. Correct. Correct. So of course. Usmith Thora hoga. Right. But that is how voice modulation sounds now as we are lesson time is sub cheese. Discuss. Karam aki. Call me. Right? Because we have to develop all of that. Okay. So we'll talk about four ease of voice modulation. Because once we understand how this works, we'll be able to see it in our environment. We'll be able to see it how it works and we'll be able to even see it in ourselves. And once we do that, we will able to seek change. Right? The first is enunciation. Or they say how you're about to pronounce your words. Word clarity. Johan voces I. Right. Chakujo words. So that is not a prominent issue. The word clarity can also be affected because of your regional influence. Right? Right. Enunciation got clarity then this is a tricky part. Energy. Right? Pace, volume pitch. Osab cheese. Right?
Speaker A: High energy.
Speaker B: Sambath Karthika. High energy hotaki. It's a volume and rise. Kia fast peak around high energy. Right. Egg or x is what emphasis. That is word stress. Stressing on the right word will create a different effect.
Speaker A: Vocabulary.
Speaker B: Hmm.
Speaker A: Vocabulary.
Speaker B: Word pay stress kargi. But bolna. Like for example. Please leave the room, Johan.
Speaker A: Okay, fine.
Speaker B: The room. Please leave the room. Right? So just have emphasis care who say last part. We are samaj emotions. VR. Right? If you are irritated, you will, you know, elongate. Jada egg word. Kuzada kichoge.
Speaker A: Correct.
Speaker B: Something like this. We always stretch those words.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Those are emotions. Right? You also want to show some emotions when you want to express something in business context. Yes. It can be something. Let's say you want to express your problems or issues that you are facing. That you will lower your volume, lower your pace and speak in such a way, right? And you want to say something very sternly. Then you would increase your volume, increase your pace, right? And put it forward in this second. No. So this has to be done. This is. I've tried my best. For example. Right? So these four is are something that we need to explore. Okay. If you want, you can take a snapshot of it.
Speaker A: I take it. I took it. I took it.
Speaker B: Right? So try to observe up kese Bhatkaro in your regular work. Because a lot of times, if it is very fast paced, change. Ojaga shande tabiya. Right? But we want to also make sure that we can change it at our command. Why? Because like any muscle in the body, this is also a muscle you can change by even some practices like omkar bolt omkar kesso the poor up modulate karakta t from innermost cavities. So that actually gives exercise to your muscles. Omkar sevi upna voice key clarity change. Kasakta nice. Is a lot of different physically behavior. Spiritually behavior. There are a lot of different things. So of course, for me to comment very much in detail. I would need to be a voice coach. Which I'm not. Right. But to an extent you can change. Right. If you see a lot of people they which have spent time just training their voice. Imitation artists. Joharta. Right. They tell k this can be done by anyone. Right. But you need to practice. You would need to put in the art. Same way you go to the gym building muscles. You have to go to the gym for this. And to do that. Right. And of course emotions up control. Okay. The fear up control our power. Right. So we spoke on all the four things that are needed in the final presentation. So we can do it in two ways. Of course we want to keep more classes. Pala jode hair can be called initial draft on a present. Kia. How many changes. Kia fine tune Kia or fear or face a bar igbar present here. Right. And if you have more time kutorchis. We discuss Kalinga. So topic remind Karamojay incident that you had faced in Agra. And that will be in a JC meeting.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: I'm going to present in JC meeting. What I. What are the issues I have faced.
Speaker B: In Raga and how you solved it? Right. Okay. Right. So context is also said. The audience is set, purpose is set. Right? So try to use that tool.
Speaker A: Yes, I had.
Speaker B: Right. So go through the whole workbook egg bar to Obi Acharya. Right. So uska saps, let's first year, second go. I know 29, 30 will be difficult for you. Right? So if you can present it. Igbar rightun. Kanika. Try Karangan. We'll have to call one of them. Johamara time limit. Here we fix. Nih. We are talking to the HR team. Just summer time fix. Okay. After this is the last date for coaching. We'll do that accordingly.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: The best part is that the best way to do that is practice one or two times before coming.
Speaker A: Take care.
Speaker B: All right, good. Then say sentence extract Karthiroth. You will be getting. You'll be able to get more examples like that.
Speaker A: Fine.
Speaker B: See next call book curry though if you are busy. And Monday or Tuesday Matkana. Because organization killer take. All right.
Speaker A: Take care.
Speaker B: Okay. Bye.
