Speaker A: Which I, you know, I have written to you something on that.
Speaker B: Yeah. So let me open it up.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: May I know the.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: The subject I'm not able to find. That means.
Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. The subject was communication capability development. Webinar group two RB. Where should I resend you?
Speaker B: Yeah, I got it. I got it. Okay.
Speaker A: Got it.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Just share them. Share my screen and we can see the.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: See this, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. This one was the mail, right?
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: So have you written for both the conditions and. Yes, for both the conditions in the same mail, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. So there is the context. You built a context. This is the content, this is the main body of the mail. And this is your call to action, which is very clear.
Speaker A: I think few of the things. Few of the things are missing. So you need to, you know. Yeah. The mail is not coming in the body, you know, so you need to extend that.
Speaker B: Okay. It's a little. Just give me a minute. I think I can do this. Is that okay?
Speaker A: In fact, you can bring it outside entire window can be seen actually still you need to scroll the message to right side click. Because some of the messages, like here, dear team, has the world at large attempt to deal with the COVID-19 your health and well being is not misposed.
Speaker B: Do one thing. Do one thing. Let's put off the video so that you can see it better. You can put up the video for now so you can see it. See the whole mail there. Can you see it?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: No, no. Actually you need to decrease your. Yeah. Please go to the settings. Over here upwards you have an uh, a box toolbox, something. Yeah. No, not that, not that.
Speaker B: Below that. Okay.
Speaker A: This, this one. Yeah, yeah. Yes. Here you can not. Here, go on the top. Just 2.3 dots. Click over there and zoom it to -75% over here. Zoom.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah. So now I think everything is visible. Oh boy. Yeah.
Speaker B: I'm so sorry about that actually, Kega.
Speaker A: No worries. No worries. Take API. We can use. Curse. We can't.
Speaker B: Let's try.
Speaker A: We can scroll it. No worries. This was the first condition. I will start. I will start it from the beginning. So this was the thing. There were two condition given to us. This is our capability development which was on 11 April. So the discussion, the questions which were shared was we need to, we need to instruct a team and we need to highlight some of the things which we have done great. In quarter one to our leadership team. This was two tasks which were given to us. So I have written what I have done. I have just typed it into my mailbox and I have taken the screenshot and I have pasted over here. Okay so, so this is the one. So I will start it. But as a trailman instructs to revert on the basis stated situation. Please acknowledge. Acknowledge below submissions. So status one situation one was conditional. I'm means what I'm treating, I'm treating you, all four of you as my team members now like Shreya, Deepak, Pratiksha and Achal. Okay so the subject is work, working from home, greeting, getting the right balance report submissions. Okay so this is the subject line which I am trying to emphasis on. So the subject start with their team. As the world at large attempts to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic there can, there can be naturally be a lot of uncertainty, fear and worry. Your health and well beings are of parameter importance to RB. To be frank enough. Okay so this, this is a thing which I have done. So I strongly encourage all my colleagues I strongly say, yeah this is my own phase of work which I have done over here. So I strongly encourage all my colleagues to work from home. Arrangements to be for a minimum of two weeks. I will keep you updated as I receive more information and guidelines guidance. Sorry. So as you all are well aware about the monthly submission hence would urge you all to submit before report below reports to me positively by tomorrow evening 06:00 p.m. Format and data points have already been sent to you or sent to format and data points have already been sent to all of you. To you all. Okay so request each one to adhere the timeline evaluation of time will be not entertained and serial number task and collation process lead tasks by 1234. These are the four objectives. Tasks and collation has to be done by so and so people. So this is what first condition attempts to okay any, any miss in this or any suggestions.
Speaker B: So abhi let's. I'll come to it.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Second one first.
Speaker A: Okay fine. So second condition here suggest. So the second suggestion. Yeah I'm able to see now second suggestion was that I am treating you for four of them as a senior team leaders. So I have, you know prepared a meal as such that. So the subject is achieved. Achieved the scale up quarter one target by 23% growth. So the subject the, you know massive starts like hi sir, ma'am I'm happy to share the quarter one achievements for MD India grow growth by 23%. Here I am stating that I am leading all India MD channel. Okay so this is the way I have. I'm representing it to you guys. So here as a team have flourished. Well I am thankful for all your support and guidance shared during the phase. All our program planning and forecasting are related to tremendous growth which have been pulled up for the next two quarter. Next quarter two strategy roadmap. Okay so if you literally if you travel it downwards then I can.
Speaker B: Okay yeah sure. Yeah yeah.
Speaker A: So here is an graph which I have represented. So here what I have done, I have given the all India status through channel level that CNC, MT, retail, SaaS shipment excluding CNC comes the Ro MT and total modern trade and this gives a scenario of 19 versus 2020. And what, what is the growth growth map? Ytd Feb and March and Ytd March. So if you see this means I will just read out then I will brief you about the graph which I have represented over here. So as per the strategy we have considered a decline in CNC due to improvement improvising market infiltration, hygiene the drop from the CNC have been sufficiently in Romt which is growing by 48%. The Dmart and Reliance account have done exceptionally well. Our team have really sweat out in getting the correct article mapped across the channel with. With thorasa shait Apnego right side Jana bodega with okay with proper stock. How is proper stock connect still filters are cause of concern but better sales forecast will help us in minimizing the gaps. Our brand SQ group have delivered very well as we have managed to reduce the dependency on soap and extended it to increase in sale in DLS, DHL, wheat and dal. The overall portfolio have turned out turned out in in positive delta point. I would request to extend your viewpoint and keep assisting us so that we together can attain the organizational objective. So should I brief you about the graph now or later we need to discuss this.
Speaker B: No, please do.
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay so if you see over here what zoom karangi if you can zoom it to 150% it will be easy for us to understand now.
Speaker B: Okay let's do that.
Speaker A: 100% gardijay or balakari or badakariga?
Speaker B: Let's try.
Speaker A: Coffee. Bluray what I will be doing. Okay I have a ppt with me. Let me share that to you.
Speaker B: Okay yeah great. Wait let me sharing there. Now you can share.
Speaker A: Are you able to see my screen?
Speaker B: Not yet.
Speaker A: So what is not share?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Are you able to view this? Are you able to see the. Yes okay fine so see this is what I have done over. This is what I have done over there. If you see the CNC part which is contributing to 30%. This particular channel is degrowing by 30%. And YTD March, if you see it is degrowing by -12% this is a cut for all India level. Okay, so this. This channel has been decreasing by -12% because. Sorry. Because this was a regional challenge. This was a regional call basis. We needed to. We thought to correct the basis of TP as well as well a traditional trade channel as well as some, you know, the channel, super stockist channel because of the CNC throwing stocks in unconditional terms with unconditional pricing. The local GT general got suffered due to that. So this was an. This is what was discussed during our RLTM. And this particular factor was taken into consideration that we will be declining growth or we will be. We will be not approving any stocks into CNC and we need to decline in CNC. And whatever, you know, gap is coming from the CNC channel has to be taken into consideration from the RoMT channel. Means suppose if you see the base of 2019 YTD March was 6451 whereas if you see the base of March 2020 is 655622. So what is the difference is difference is coming up to something around 909. So that nine CR has to be suffixed with this empty pharma and SAMT. So if you see the SMT channel has grown by 48%. So this is what we have come up, up to. And if you see the modern traded which. Which is of the suffix of FRL, DMart, say ABRL, Tesco and such accounts are growing by 46% which if you see if I have more. If I more drill down in this empty retail, the Reliance retail and demat has done exceptionally well in doing their numbers. So if you see this contributes to 49% and Feb was growing by 29% but due to COVID we have grown by 75%. And if you see YTD, it is we are growing by 46%. So. And the same which has been. Which is of pharma. Pharma consists of Apollo Med plus and wellness. So this channel. Yeah, so this channel is contributing 10% but if you see the growth was growth till February was 50% but considering March we have grown by 144 because of the COVID stock. Because of the COVID stock we had done exceptionally well. And if you see March we are growing by YTD March we are growing by 83%. So the size is standard modern trade store as it is in Dhorabji and many such stores like that Haiko, Grahak and so these are the stores which comes under SIMT program and it contributes to 11% and if you see the growth was 15% till fair current till March. If you see we have done 55% growth and overall till march YTD growth is accumulated to 30% and considering the modern trade pharma and SMT RomT it contributes to 70% which is high choke of business. So here we have considered very well and we have done we are growing by 48% and March was because of the debtor stock I need to take this call just a minute ago. Yeah okay fine thanks. If you see sorry I'm continuing. Are you able to hear me? Hello shreya yeah hello shreya yeah so here comes the romt which is contributing to 70% and if you see ytd growth for till feb was 29% so in march because of deton category or say because of the tremendous push from push in the market and pull from the customer this stock got very well you know purchased from the customer point of angle and we had done exceptionally well in detol segment till for the march month. So if you see the cumulative march till ytd march numbers are growing by 48% and total mts contribute is growing by 23% so which was earlier growing by 19% so there is an incremental growth. So this the same thing can be even understood by the pictorial graph which has been shown over here. So the romt is the fund which is growing by 44% if you can see over here 44 for quarter one. So this is a thing which I just thought to brief you guys.
Speaker B: Great okay tk so you gave me a presentation as well along with the mail. Good.
Speaker A: So ticket should I stop sharing this?
Speaker B: You can stop sharing.
Speaker A: Okay fine.
Speaker B: Right give me a minute. So two things you saw right and then we had to zoom in and zoom out. So that took quite a long time. Right now if you quite a lot of that is hidden under the screen so there is a suggestion for that right and I'll show you how to do that.
Speaker A: Basically I doubt I need to share something this mail was sent subjective key. I couldn't mail it to you guys. Basically if you see because I have already framed this on my outlook itself I just need to control enter it and the mail could have reached you guys but condition situation let me put up and let's discuss that. So this was the main mode.
Speaker B: No worries TK. Now I'll show you how I would compose a male.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So at least you can see okay yeah let's say I'm writing it to you okay. There is your name subject now if I want to say I want to reschedule the meeting.
Speaker A: Hello. We can even write hi now will that do? Or hello is a much more refined thing.
Speaker B: So you can write. You can write if it's acceptable. But I prefer hello because it's so hello. Hi. Johan. Informal. So high dyke.
Speaker A: Actually seniors Kobe. Hi. I think even if I'm reporting to my high sir. Hi. Asagar Kaumann.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Line manager Kafuna. Just a minute.
Speaker B: No worries.
Speaker A: Nisha. They conference session Adaganta Ragar take yeah. Reference to the meeting we were supposed to have today. I request you to kindly reschedule the same.
Speaker B: I'm deliberately making it longer. Abhi mekwe advice melata key Hamlock normally above the means. Right.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So yahape don't elongate. So make sure Kyaki sentences scroll Nakarna otherwise problem igi. So that's the only okay.
Speaker A: Taken 1 second. Fair enough.
Speaker B: So that's the only feedback I have for you. Otherwise your meals were perfect. And you had used three c tool. Everything was perfect. Just the lines you have to take care of.
Speaker A: Fine. Fine. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: No worries.
Speaker B: Hello. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. You can hear me right?
Speaker A: I'm able to hear you.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Okay. And um. When you were sort of presenting to me when achieved. Right.
Speaker A: Yeah. Please.
Speaker B: Yeah. So uh. You have a lot of. You use a lot of fillers. So as you can see uh. You know here uh is the uh. So filler.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So do you know why that is? Do you know the reason?
Speaker A: I guess Shayad maybe I can develop reason.
Speaker B: The thoughts in your mind are faster than your speed of talking.
Speaker A: Please repeat. Because of something I was not able to hear you. Coffee blur please.
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.
Speaker A: What I'm saying is still I'm not able to. There is some issue with the mic I guess.
Speaker B: Give me a minute. Yeah. I'll put off my video. I think that's better. Yeah. Can you hear me now?
Speaker A: Disturbance please.
Speaker B: Okay. Can you hear me now?
Speaker A: Yeah. I'm able to hear you now.
Speaker B: Better. A video of Kirk is it ab problem?
Speaker A: How can irritation disconnect wire cross short cover short hora short circuit.
Speaker B: Okay. Any better?
Speaker A: Yeah it's better now.
Speaker B: I guess it's because of the air. You can probably hear the air.
Speaker A: Okay. So.
Speaker B: So the reason is that are faster than your speed of speaking.
Speaker A: Thought is faster than my speed of talking.
Speaker B: And now you're confused. Exactly.
Speaker A: Right. So BJPs are known for their slow speeches. Basically BJP sublock slow speeches.
Speaker B: Yeah. They make sure that we can understand what they say. So they want to be very clear.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Same way we also want to be very clear.
Speaker A: Okay. So there should be an 2 seconds halt in between. A word which I speak.
Speaker B: Seconds is going to be too much. Then you sound like Modi ji so that you can decide on yourself. So 2 seconds halt after stop and 1 second halt after every comma. Okay. That is something that we discuss with, you know that is how we talk.
Speaker A: Okay. Taken. Point taken.
Speaker B: Yeah. And you are, you know you can go beyond this. You can modulate your speed as well. You can take the liberty and talk a little slowly.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So you can modulate your speed the way I'm doing it. Right.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay.
Speaker B: So try that. Let's. Let's practice that. Let's. Let's pick up a topic and you know let's make you talk on it so we can.
Speaker A: Okay. Please share me a passage if you have something or any discussion which we can discuss.
Speaker B: It's not going to work like that. Because if you have the words in front of you then you know, you.
Speaker A: Reading is quite easy. It's easy. Yeah. Okay. So give any topic. Let's. Let's. Anything.
Speaker B: I'll give you a topic. So the importance of listening in your profession could you talk on that? Just you know for maybe two minutes. If you want two minutes jot down.
Speaker A: Some points and then you can talk two minutes once. What are the subject? Please repeat it once again.
Speaker B: The importance of listening in your profession. Your profession means Abdic's profession may have.
Speaker A: The importance of listening in my profession. Listening skill.
Speaker B: If you start researching on it now then it will take you very long to actually prepare a speech.
Speaker A: No, no I'm not. I'm writing it on my excel. I'm not searching. Actually I'm very much straightforward. I'm not googling it anything. I'm just writing it out. Excel me diagram. I cannot know.
Speaker B: From MD, seniors, juniors. Okay. I'm talking. I think that's a distraction.
Speaker A: It.
Speaker B: June it.
Speaker A: Yeah. So shreya are you there?
Speaker B: Yeah I'm there.
Speaker A: So I have just jotted out few points.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Before starting try to speak slowly.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: You can start.
Speaker A: So see as you have given me a topic which I need to speak on what is the importance of state the importance of listening in my professional. These are the three points of opens which I have, you know shared to you. The first thing is why listening is important is to understand what is the meaning and what is the thought process which has been shared from the receiver. Right.
Speaker B: From the listener.
Speaker A: Sure. Who is speaking means suppose I am speaking, you are listener right now, and I am the responder. Right. So if some listening is means I need to listen is something in speaking. Right. So the guy who is speaking, what should we call them?
Speaker B: The speaker.
Speaker A: The speaker, right. So let me restart it. So, the importance of listening under my profession is to understand the meaning and the context, what the speaker is trying to suggest or say. Gradually, I need to jot it out points, which is important. Whatever is, you know, necessary. And in as per my, you know, region or say as per my, as per. As for my state of region, which is, which is in. For which I am eligible. For which I am tagged for. So this is what. And second, the listening is important because through whatever communication happens from the speaker, I am able to decide, or I am able to take a decision basis that. For an example, suppose today if my Arkham shared me, that these are the stocks which needs to be procured or, say, invoiced from your distributor, and these are the quotes. If I am not able to listen it properly, then I will give a different code to my article codes to my distributor and I will ask him to invoice that which will be a huge mess. So, listening skills here will, you know, surely help me out. And it will play framework like it will play a part like whatever has been spoken. It has to be precise, and it has to be heard very carefully because few ifs and buts can, you know, produce a lots of, you know, gaps into the listening and doing. So, as there are two things, whatever we listen, we do that. So it helps me in taking a proper decision. When I listen proper. So even whatever discussion happens or say, listen when I listen to my Arkham or say to my subordinates or to my leadership team what I do, I, at the back of my mind, I structure it that things which I need to do this other thing, which my team has to do few other things which, where we collaboratively have to take care of certain things. Like suppose any task has been given and myself, my line manager and my team, all three of them, have to do that work. So I need to take basis that listening, I respond and I, you know, take a decision. So listening skill even enforces my how to take a decision. So this is what the three things which I have written and through this, I end my, you know, discussion on how. How important is listening in my profession.
Speaker B: Hello?
Speaker A: Yashra?
Speaker B: Hello?
Speaker A: Yeah, sure, I'm able to hear you.
Speaker B: Hello?
Speaker A: Yeah, sure. I'm able to hear you.
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I wasn't able to hear you. Okay. My Internet issues. Okay. So, koi Bhatnai, did you notice a significant difference between what you said now and the little presentation you gave me a little while ago on those figures that you had mentioned in the meeting?
Speaker A: So that's what I'll see. I had something written in my front and few points were, which I have jorded out, and I was just phrasing a phase. I was just taking that point and I was making a phrase and I was just structuring it and I was just speaking that, nothing else, which I did. So this was basically a type of framework, was a type of review, which, which was done where I had a point with me. I was able to speak. I was means, everything was in front of me and I was just reading that. And when I was giving a review, nothing was written in front of mine. I was just seeking the graphs and I was just speaking it. No data point, nothing. No. You know, any, any checks was not given over there. So I was just speaking whatever was in my mind here. Also, I did the same thing, but it was into a structured way.
Speaker B: So that was, that was, that is kind of a byproduct. You had three points in front of you. You had to elaborate and a. You had a graph in front of you and you had to elaborate. Right. Basically material to upkeep us Thai Yato points may be cursor, right?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Told you to speak a little slowly, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yes. And you were actually able to speak without a filler for two sentences. Those sentences.
Speaker A: I'm not able to hear you. Hello. Share. Hello. Hello.
Speaker B: You can still hear me, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. I was not able to hear you. The last line was, I was, I was. I didn't use any filler in between two sentences. Post that.
Speaker B: But though clearly. Okay, so you can try. You can try speaking a little more slowly so that your thoughts can, you know, your thoughts. I will slow and it can catch up to the speed at which you speak. Voice or fast. Nahikar satini fast. Dorothy, it will be very difficult for someone else to understand. And your speech, the pace of your speech is faster relative to quite a few people.
Speaker A: But.
Speaker B: Yeah. Hello. Some of it is from your side. Some of it is from my side.
Speaker A: Outlook show process three or Skypie manager Skype. Okay, take it.
Speaker B: Is this better?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's better.
Speaker B: Now, sometimes, you know, the video takes too much of energy, so.
Speaker A: Yeah. So you were saying something. Speaking on speaking. My, the speed is fast as you're saying yes.
Speaker B: So you already speak quite fast.
Speaker A: I need to make it slow.
Speaker B: You have to because as if otherwise there are too many fillers. So you are frustrated when you are speaking. So that your thoughts will directly be slowed. Okay. And try to take or suggestion impromptu. Avoid kiji or always have points in front of you. So always prepare before you speak. There are so many places where you know you have to speak impromptu. There is nothing you can do about that.
Speaker A: But.
Speaker B: Please prepare.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: You have points and you have some help. So that you don't have to monotonous. So your presentations will be very interesting. But you will get frustrated and you know, so you'll get frustrated after. God forbid if it's a long presentation.
Speaker A: Okay, but.
Speaker B: So does it make sense or am I just.
Speaker A: No, it is making a sense. You're right. Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. Can he say we have to start using more specific words as well on that, I think we'll work next time. Because we don't have time now. Okay. So next time we can. We can pick up. Maybe we can.
Speaker A: I will reshare you on Saturday if you are free.
Speaker B: Yes. There are quite a lot of slots.
Speaker A: So let me check. 24th year, 25th, book once another. Another session with you.
Speaker B: Okay, no worries. We'll do this now. This time. Topic late importance of listening in your profession. If you want, you can prepare. If you want, you can elaborate on these three points. That is your choice.
Speaker A: Google. Let me google it.
Speaker B: Anything, any take, you know, on listening.
Speaker A: No worries.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay.
Speaker B: You can speak. You can speak. I love record your sentences. How can you. How could you be more specific?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So I think I've already taken too much of your time. Internet. We issue Hogyata. So let's talk on Saturday. In that case.
Speaker A: Yeah, no worries.
Speaker B: Okay. Please take care. Rahul. It's always nice talking to you.
Speaker A: Yeah, same Ashra. Bye. Take care.
Speaker B: Okay, bye. Take care.
