Speaker A: Session is still to a team that we have assigned some topic and we have been told to make some four groups. Each group is having around eight members and eight members. All the members has to discuss something on that topic and everyone has to give a presentation for 1 minute or two minutes in front of all the classes and what we have the topic related to that all we have been told to do the working to inspect all the details and accordingly we have been told to present in front of others. And then you have given the tool.
Speaker B: They have given you the tool, right?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: How much have you started applying it in office?
Speaker A: Look, after workshop we have not done anything. Frankly speaking, after workshop this is the first call we I'm doing with you workshop may we have been told that the topic technology we have been. We have been assigned as a technology topic in that topic. We have been told that this technology how this technology is going to be help in our today's life and in next coming up in future. So then we. We. What we discussed in our team that this technology.
Speaker B: Wait, let me, let me pull the break here. Mohammed, you're focusing on the topic and focusing on the process.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'm asking you about what processes have you learned during the two days of workshop and how have you started applying it?
Speaker A: Process. Look, process we.
Speaker B: Tell me some of the three or four major dreamworks with Pratasha or anyone who had come to the workshop shared with you.
Speaker A: We have been body language, how to what should be our ideal condition as a body language when we are going to do that some presentation. And how we have to start our presentation for this three minutes is very crucial for us. So that the person who is going to listen us will bond with us and he will not go here and there.
Speaker B: Very good.
Speaker A: When the presentation we in some conference room or in front of some people, then we have to see that why they will listen to us.
Speaker B: Very good.
Speaker A: Within next three to four minutes we have to justify our presentation that how this presentation is going to help them and why they will listen to us.
Speaker B: Very good. So first thing you tell me. Sorry I interrupted you. Go on.
Speaker A: This is the first thing that we have learned. How important the presentation and how important is the first four, five minutes for the presentation and our body language, our standing position, our presentation skills also we have to. How our. How the gestures we have. What gestures we have to be adopted in during the presentation time that all these things we have been told and we have done.
Speaker B: Okay, good. So now you know your learnings, you know your frameworks.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Now my second question is Mohammed frameworks experiment, have you started applying it in office? Did you get an opportunity to do that?
Speaker A: Yes. Regarding the presentation, if you see that I have started this body language presentation, starting phases that when I am going to do some presentation then we how to start and how to start in a way that the person who is going to listen me will get more attraction on me and he will listen my presentation or my words carefully that I'm trying to apply and I have started it.
Speaker B: Very good, very good Mohammed. So now you have you know how to walk the way, right? Basically 13.33 hours news Karogi that is something which you will use for your self learning and research.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay, so basically I am giving you all the resources that I can that can help you walk along the path. So do it right away. Do you have issues with your grammar or language?
Speaker A: No, I'm using it, but if I'll get it it will be better. I have some problem in vocabs. I need some stocks of vocabulary so that I can use it in sometime. We want to tell something and we are not finding some appropriate word.
Speaker B: So why don't you share your thoughts on an email of what you want to share and discovered. Nahi mela I want exact details but you promised me that by the end of the next two weeks you're going to give me 25 words retained in your brain along with five or seven times officially used each word.
Speaker A: You give me your workup list and what I'll do, I'll utilize that word from your vocabulary list and I'll share the detail Id, MD, saiful, dot, hat sterling dot.
Speaker B: Besides that, I'm also sharing with you some of the tools. Okay, I've been using for quite some time.
Speaker A: Yes. And best practices also we discussed in our workshop some sometime what are the best practices we could adopt.
Speaker B: Very good. So abu adopt jokia continue. Karna mirror stage so now I'm giving you all the resources already available almost for use. Karena I must make you waste kara. So rather I will start with how do we make presentations right from the next Paul. Okay, if that is your focus. Kabibi. YouTube pajaga type english grammar Ganesh.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Till the program is over at least you pick up one concept at a time and you start using it.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So this guy can actually teach you better english grammar than I can. That is my guarantee.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Islam I always suggest this to people, english grammar. Now I want you to start a written assignment and there are some reading abhi vocabulary list tools, thinking level and yeah I want you to go through it.
Speaker A: Okay?
Speaker B: TK, before our next world, Mohammed, and you tell me the progress.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: The moment you tell me the progress and I want a review of it, it's just like official reporting. But we are just discussing his two colleagues who are learning.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: The only reason why I'm telling you this, Mohammed, is that this is the focus of habit building environment weaker. The moment you start tweaking your environment. Abhi Soto Agarab, Germany fluently, you would have learned German better. So it's very important that you need to understand the importance of the language there.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: So Hamkya Karena, ham Harik was element surroundings which takes us away from the goal and. Yes, that's it.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: These four weeks, let's try and change our lifestyle.
Speaker A: Okay?
Speaker B: Can we do that, Mumbai? Yeah, surely we can do now a parallel.
Speaker A: Nothing.
Speaker B: Is everything fine?
Speaker A: No, it's okay. I don't mind to tell you anything. I'm very open. I'll tell you. Very open.
Speaker B: Yes. UK. I don't want this to be like even I should learn something from you, Mahomet and you should learn something.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: So technical side language improve. So let's take that up as a challenge and let's treat each other at that level where we can share every information that is needed. And at the same time learn from the best. Start breathing. At least do that. Do that for your wellness. Be helpful for you.
Speaker A: Well taken. And we have to do it. Definitely will do it.
Speaker B: I need you to be that coach for you who can also take care of your wellness. So you need to start putting out some time for yourself. That's all that I'm suggesting. Improvement mirrors. Then you carry on for today. We'll discuss again in the next call. I think. Mira gla hafta we pura bhara who are here.
Speaker A: Take a call for Friday. Can I book the call for Friday or Saturday? Coming Friday. Tomorrow? Okay, no problem. The next week after Tuesday, I'll book the slots for 1 hour.
Speaker B: Wednesday I have. Yes, Wednesday I have some time. 28 kosuba almost. I don't know, like Gara Sebaraki beach me or shampoo be almost panj bajis say my free home. I'll see you soon, Muhammad.
Speaker A: Thank you very much.
Speaker B: Smile, Kijay. Energy. Energy. Mama ji Hamko Energy. Take a next column. Bye.
