Speaker A: Honest thing. Now also with the tools that we have discussed, correct. In the webinar as well as in our coaching. So, okay, let's set the. As usual, let's set the context first. Correct.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So who is the audience here?
Speaker B: My colleagues. Colleagues and my boss.
Speaker A: Seniors and managers. All right. That is our context. Right. That is understanding what they do. So what would be there? What do you think would be the awareness of Volta camera. So you want to talk about a new product or what was it?
Speaker B: A new product launch and includes all the tools like price, promotion, classification.
Speaker A: So they are aware of the product, right. Of the product and features, right. Features, pricing. Yeah. That is something that you would know what, what price at least they are dishing or manufacturing cost. Pricing. The pathogen. Manufacturing cost. Right. I think what would differ would be what you are going to suggest. Like what is a strategy to what else can they be aware of regarding the product, of course, with the use.
Speaker B: Market to be launched.
Speaker A: So as they would have suggested, which markets in which market, which areas they.
Speaker B: Want to launch this product.
Speaker A: Right. What else?
Speaker B: Season effect.
Speaker A: On what? The product quality or something else.
Speaker B: So basically the product is sandal soap, which we have launched. So this is the best season you can say to launch this product.
Speaker A: Isn't sandal? Don't we use it in winter? Not too sure.
Speaker B: Sandal. No, it's citrus. Sorry? Citrus. Citrus, sorry.
Speaker A: Citrus fragrance or flavor, which is very wrong. Unless you really eat it then it's not.
Speaker B: And also about the competitors competitor in the market.
Speaker A: Competitors have competition and data analysis. But let's seasonal effect is there. So these are things I think they are aware of. You can also always keep adding if you want.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So what would be their expectations from. From whatever presentation you're talking about.
Speaker B: Expectation of my colleagues, seniors and managers. Right.
Speaker A: From your presentation.
Speaker B: Right. So strategies, how to, you know, launch this product in the market. And how to use their pricing and promotions, how to use the season effect, pricing effect, promotion effect, casa use kana. And to how to strategies to launch this product.
Speaker A: So can we say your strategies?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: What is your. You are actually making a suggestion case. I know this area. This is the strategy I am recommending.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: For pricing effect. Is that in word that we use or is it. I think we can use something better also. It's all right. Basically want to know what will the retail and wholesale price according to whatever you have planned?
Speaker B: Yes. Yes.
Speaker A: And what would these strategies make? Would it be marketing strategies, pricing strategies.
Speaker B: All the above two also come under strategies like how to use price as compared to the competition. How to use this pricing effect in the market. Also the promotions.
Speaker A: Right. Pricing and promotions. Cool. Makes sense. What do you feel should be the now content. What do you think? How will you do it?
Speaker B: So basically the product which we are coming out in a market is all about citrus. And this fragrance is very much. You know customer know about this fragrance. So we should make some strategies that how we can make this product successful in the market. So strategies should be. We should use our pricing effect. Like we are having two types of soap. Two classification. In 75 grams and 125 grams.
Speaker A: So we should know in which market I just take. Yeah.
Speaker B: So we are coming out in a market with two sizes which is 75 grams and 123 grams. So we should know in which market which size you need to be placed, right. So if you see about my territory. So Raj territory. So there are almost six district. And out of six district there are four district. Which are very. You know well developed. According to the other markets. Like Junagar, Jamnagar and Rajkot district. So you can launch these areas with 125 grams. Sku. 125 grams. Which is having higher price of rs260. So if we compare our product with the competition. Competition is having like peers. Piers is coming out at rs262. We are having 260. And they are having only 2% scheme. We are having 6% scheme. So we have to use this scheme. Promotion and pricing effect. And also the best season effect. So citrus is. You know lemon used for the. You know in the summer season we use lemon get our body more hydrate. So people. And also we are coming with our deadl brand. So doll is known for the production. Production with the citrus fragrance makes sense and can be launched in our market. So strategy should be. We should use pricing effect. Because competition is having higher price than our product and promotion. We are having 6% scheme against the competition of two. Versus now how to launch a market. So we can say that first six district having almost 5000 outlet. In which outlet which sko. And how many pieces or cases you have to place. So we have some table for you guys. So in small store like having capacity of less than rs5000 sale in a month. Less than rs5000 sale in a month. We should place only three pieces of citrus sizes. Which is around rs600 stock, right. And outlet which are having more than 5000 and less than 50,000 sale. We should give them twelve pieces of soup. And the outlet which are having more than 50,000 sale. We should give them a case. Now this is like how you place and how many quantity you should place. So that people should have dumping Nike, right? Stock we are having in a good quantity and as per the class of outlet. So this is the placement strategy that how many pieces and cases you have to place in an outlet. And obviously we are having good pricing and good promotion. So people will not deny your order. And you just have to make them aware about our products specification. So specification is like we are coming with citrus fragments and with hundred percent it all production, right? So these are some of the specification. You should aware, you should. You are always aware about this. You this in the market right? So what I have done, I have placed according to the structure which a company and I have made. So I have already adopted this structure and placed according to that in the market. And after that we can see that almost around. I'm having 102 sub dbs in six districts. So I have placed only set already 70 sub dbs with this product. So this is kind of strategies, right? I've already done this.
Speaker A: So pricing is competitive right? A trust of record band geyser they'll tell that all and all marketing egg strategy. You want to also want to make sure that after all 100 to at least 270. That's if available with everyone already we picked up at least trial basis by low tying right? I forgot the term this. There were terms for this marketing and we used to learn little marketing for which. So you make it available everywhere right? Instead of distribution, right? It should be if it's available everywhere. It was called the strategy execution. The strategy Kai Kushnam make it available everywhere right?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: If you remember there were. I don't remember the name. There were a few Emily Toffees there right? They made such a strong distributed channel. They never advertised for it. They just made available in every shop right? If it's available in every shop you always believe when everyone is they are always going to take it right? You even know that people from Nestle, Coca Cola, Pepsi they literally pay or make sure that the product is visible right? Go to the distributors and make sure visible in front.
Speaker B: Of. I also work with PepsiCo so I know they are very aggressive on execution. And our product should be according to the planography ogre, seven up ogre. So there is score. We see execution score which. Which gives us incentive.
Speaker A: Oh so you have to submit photographs.
Speaker B: Of whatever place there is third party audit, third party audit and score online OTA. We can see the pictures from that portal.
Speaker A: Interesting. So content is good but I just want to see how thought processes are better. You aware of that? What you are what the audience is aware of and I would like to see how you execute it. And in execution, if you're preparing a presentation, we can also see how we can do that effectively. Of course I would like to see how you do it and we'll discuss some few strategies which can be more effective. Right. Or maybe we wouldn't have to if you're doing it well. Right. We will see Kakarna right. Accordingly and we'll see factor. Right. First, of course I would like you to relax and get and one more.
Speaker B: Thing I want to discuss with you. Just say I'm having something in my mind. But Jesse start Karu. Obviously I will strategy obviously I should discuss about four p's. I discuss about product specifications, I discuss about place, I discuss about product pricing promotion, first line, which will be more.
Speaker A: Effective if I am presenting, for example. So for me it is unstructured exactly because we are pricing marketing. So that you had it clear, you also told all the points it feels and straight, that is. Let's talk about the four piece. First is Kakata pricing.
Speaker B: Product first is product, then price, then place, then promotion.
Speaker A: Place and promotion. So when you're structuring your presentation, make sure that you have one slide for each.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Now, as you said, product kebana features just have a photograph of it, right? Or product. Yeah. Benefit then iq. This is the right season to start. So product can go as a pricing at the golas up. You can show graphs in a 20%, 30% itna so amara difference, right. Oga product price, right place at least out of total, let's say total dose over here. Contact me 70 over. At least we'll be able to cover 70%. Or you can say I can always, I would always like help from other.
Speaker B: We can choose place according to the price.
Speaker A: The quantity also, right.
Speaker B: Quantity also right.
Speaker A: Calculation with the Kasakto in pricing, right?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So you can subdivide pricing into two parts, right. The so out of hundred. Let's say these are the type of distributors I have less than 50 sales. K Sapsay I think you distributed it though segment distributor cupcakes so that your thoughts also look structured, right. You are going to do it in the same way when you're going to do it this strategy, when you're going to execute it, you're going to do it the same age, 50,000 square. But when you're saying it like that, it feels. But if you show this is how I categorize it, this is what I'm going to do. That looks very structured.
Speaker B: Let's see Kim Kohi Hindi structure by my bulb confident Miltai confidence and you won't believe Kimaja Pepsi company Meta I used to train almost 100 employees of PepsiCo but English many of the salesman go train language in the Otish barrier English language. English language means structure that you told very right.
Speaker A: Because what happens when you get stuck? You get stuck because of the apt word that you're searching for and. And you don't want to stop speaking. So you switch.
Speaker B: Right? Right.
Speaker A: So it's practice. The only solution is that with practice keep. Even if we keep practicing this particular presentation two to three times, we will improve something or the other every time.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: Right. So that is the whole process that we take you through that we can have an environment. You will create an environment here where you have to speak in English so your fluency also improves. Of course, habitual changes has to be made. If you want to speak in a certain way, you have to practice it as an EK coaching call may akhi practice care twice and display the same in the coaching calls. Even if I see a difference, apka geography will be increased. Practice would be there. Reading podcast.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: And keep writing those words. Write the word, its meaning and use it in a sentence. That is the only way is going to come when you actually need it. Hello.
Speaker B: Hello.
Speaker A: Yeah. Just contextualize the word correct. That's when it will actually come in time of need.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: If you don't, just a word of. Nadekha, I think we have discussed this, right? Approach words differently. Karna, have I? Have we talked about this?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: All right. This storytelling.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So you, for example, you see a new word. Now you want to make sure that you remember it. So first step is try to predict it from the sentence. Try to read the whole sentence at least approximately. You'll understand. Now you use a dictionary or you search for the meaning. Understand it. Now you understood its meaning. Right? But I want our next step to make sure that it is remembered right and you can use it right. Vocabulary, you don't find the right words. Write it down somewhere. If you are someone who's tech savvy and are okay with having the notes in mobile, mobile there are lots of application which evernote Google keep, which can sync online as well. So you can access and anywhere you want. Right? So now how do I want you to write the word, the meaning? Then form a sentence on your own from the word.
Speaker B: Okay? Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah. Right. And also, if it is possible, try to form it in your work life context. That way you will remember it more easily.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. So that really becomes easier for you to develop that vocabulary when you're actually able to use it.
Speaker B: Use it. Right.
Speaker A: If I give you time, you will able to tell me the words.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Without looking in additional. But you want to use it in sentences while we speak.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Makeup prebit. I think that will be more intense and. But take care of your health first. Of course.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Right. And posted job. Okay. All right. Yeah. And isolate yourself.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Make sure that you will recover. Even if it's COVID, you will recover. Make sure that other people don't get it.
Speaker B: That's it. Okay. Thank you.
Speaker A: Take care.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. Bye. Thank you.
