Speaker A: Uh, then what would you say about the voice modulation?
Speaker B: I, I didn't notice anything.
Speaker A: I mean, so let's view it again. Try to view it again. Right, just two minutes. That should be also be fine.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay, I'll just mute myself because there's some vendor going on in the background.
Speaker B: So let's start what's positive then? First of all, work from home. I'm going to explain my own experience. Few years back, in my previous organization, there was a need of taking leaves almost 15 days. And you know, the corporate sectors, they usually reluctant to grant that many days of leaves too, any employees. So when I spoke to my manager, he said, you know, even I tried to convince to give me totally worked from home for 15 days. So my manager is a very humble person, he understood the situation, but the problem is that he was bit reluctant to do, you know, grant the work from home option. The reason being there is a potential for a period of time how it will impact. Is there any chances of data loss? So that was one of the reasons he explained me that we have certain set of compliance they have to take care of and probably they have to take the permission from, you know, the compliance team, regulatory bodies to approve that sort of work from home policy. So I believe the COVID-19 gave a lesson that how it should think about. Okay, so, you know, now if you see the, all the big companies, the startups, the farms, they across the globe, they easily allowed each and everyone to go to, I mean, to start your work in the home itself. In the home itself, if you really feel necessary, come to office the wise, you know, do every part of your deliverables at your home. So that's a very big change. I would say it's a kind of revolution in it.
Speaker A: Tell me, so what were your observations so far? Hello.
Speaker B: I think, I think there was clarity in the voice, correct. There was no filler.
Speaker A: Fillers were very less. There was though, as I said, prominent. Yes. Fillers were less.
Speaker B: And maybe I used word probably instead of probably. I can use word like Radha or something. I mean, maybe I can change some.
Speaker A: Words correct for compliance. Kabi. They come right? What? Pronunciation.
Speaker B: Compliance. I believe it is correct. You can.
Speaker A: Compliance.
Speaker B: I saw the same. Right.
Speaker A: You said compliance. It is compliance.
Speaker B: Compliance. Okay. Compliance.
Speaker A: Compliance. Compliance. Lie is the word that we are missing out.
Speaker B: Compliance. Okay.
Speaker A: Apka. Pronunciation. Hora hair. I'm not just my type. Karam Sajara. Just compliance. Instead of I a. Comply. Supply new right plow or compliance.
Speaker B: Compliance.
Speaker A: Compliance. That. Okay. So you can always check something with Google, right?
Speaker B: Yes, yes.
Speaker A: Right. So was pauses. Okay. Pauses were applied. You are pausing correctly to lay emphasis. One thing is that. But notice here which is something that is recurring.
Speaker B: I didn't get that. Sorry. Okay. So you know now if you see the all the big companies, the startups, the farms they did they across the globe, they easily allowed each and everyone to go to. I mean to start your work in the home itself. In the home itself. If you really feel necessary.
Speaker A: Now you get it.
Speaker B: Okay. Is it like I repeated something?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Is that due to Internet or something? I'm going to explain my own experience. Few years back in my previous organization there was a need of taking leaves almost 15 days.
Speaker A: See this is good. But at certain portions we do that.
Speaker B: You started how this COVID has impacted our technology sector. Especially it the corporate sectors. So you know, moving inwards. If you.
Speaker A: It's a. You know sometimes obese. It is prominent at times or you attack a turkish boulder. So do you feel. So that is something that we want to focus on, right?
Speaker B: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: Same thing as we are trying to remove our fellows, right? So come here. That is reduced. Has been reduced. But right some. I'm not saying he will be completely flawless. That is going to happen. Even I am going to do that mistake, right? But I thought it was recurring when we felt we were confused. So when you feel confused, let's say right now I want to think what I want to tell you. Take a pause like this. Say construct the statements and then say what you want, right? So pausing in that instance will help you to articulate that in a much better manner. Right? So for exit right now even I was. You saw may sentence form. Karlata. There was something going in my head. I wanted to say it right. So saying it quickly, I took a little more pauses, right? So rather than saying so whatever care. But what I mean. What I mean is you should articulate no accuracy. We don't want that. That throws off the audience. Hey now as I wanted to speak out. Voice modulation. Okay. 1045. Okay let me just check. 1 minute.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Next call. Hey yeah, we have time. Good. So let me talk about a little voice modulation.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So first johe. So we want. I. There are lots of different techniques, right? For voice modulation. And basically why should we learn voice modulation? Is that clear? Why do you feel voice modulation? First let's get that premise out of the way.
Speaker B: Okay, so what exactly you are referring to? Voice modulation. Is it the clarity in the voice?
Speaker A: So there are lots of elements of voice modulation but how many. Okay. For example, when we say right or we felt that the way he or she said it was amazing, why do we feel that there's a certain way that they speak, there's a certain energy that we feel after listening to them, or there's a certain energy that they radiate. Right.
Speaker B: And default tone as well.
Speaker A: Tone? Yes, that tone. Pauses, fillers, emphasis, lots of elements. We will talk about some basic elements that can help us to understand. So as you said, what do you mean by voice modulation? That is the first barrier that we don't understand. The elements that come into voice modulation now, there are lots and lots of them. We can go in as complex as we want, but there are a few simple ones that can really help us to be better. Now, by what I mean by better is emphasis energy. So understanding by these elements, which I am going to talk about now, which help you to observe, reflect and then apply in your daily life. Okay. Now, for example, first is enunciation. First, there are four ease ease of voice modulation that I want to talk about. The first is enunciation. So enunciation is all about Apka Ucharoda. Right. So our word clarity is there, but the pronunciation is affected by regional influence. Some words. Some words are affected by regional influence. So that is something that we need to work on. Right. Okay, you saw manager feedback. May watch. Is palaya right in the webinar also work? Some. I think. I think it was there in the webinar feedback as well. Wait. Struggled with a few words. Remember this? Yes, correct. So feedback constantly. Milta, we are working and we still need to keep working on. All right. We are creating a repository. So to keep. You keep the sheet open, whenever you feel that is happening, you write those words down here. Okay. Make sense?
Speaker B: What is that? I mean, what exactly you wrote there?
Speaker A: I mean, we'll keep a repository of the words we pronounce.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Right. The wove words.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I saw the age of Kamkaro. Keep the sheet open or whatever if you want to use notes.
Speaker B: No, no, actually that I understood. You wrote a new word. That's what. Okay, that's what I said. What is that?
Speaker A: Care about the compliance. Wrote that in the back of my mind. Correct? Yeah, sorry for that. Right. So first is enunciation. We talked about word clarity. We already working on. We need to keep working on whenever we can. I know. Understand the busy schedule is there, but whenever you get a time to reflect on it and if there is a meeting that has been recorded and you get time to listen to it, do listen to it.
Speaker B: Yeah. You know, it's all meetings in RB, right? That's what whatever you said, I'm trying to reflect it, right.
Speaker A: Second is emphasis, right. Emphasis care. Stressing on words. Words creates a different effect, right? So if I for example, the sentences. Please send the report right now I'm emphasizing on different words to give a different effect and different meaning. Please send the report. I'm request Karaka. Please bejos. Please send the report. Right? Please send the report. Report. You get the difference just by emphasis how the meaning changes.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: So emphasis meaning display kartha when we're saying it, which will not be ever be displayed in text. Yes, correct. An emphasis also brings focus to the words, right? There's a many sentence. It brings focus to the words that we speak. You see how I'm emphasizing on each word? Make sure it makes you realize, oh, this is an important point.
Speaker B: Yeah right.
Speaker A: The COVID has affected 19 million people for example. Number. But you see how that effect is created. I'm calling you consciously focusing on the words stressing on those words that creates thrown the grab attention. Attention. Grab care. Focus of increase career.
Speaker B: Yes, right.
Speaker A: Because that's. That is only when we do it. Right. When you kid this man. Nay karunga. Right? What your kid says they want to do something. We naturally enunciate on things that are important. So even your ears are tuned in to listen to that. So use that for effect your pauses. But you can also take it up with stressing onwards, right? So second was emphasis. Third is emotional. Fourth is emotions. Enunciation. Emphasis. Energy. Right. The third one is energy. Now, energy. High energy voice. Right. So energy will be a combination of your volume, your face, that is the speed at which you speak and your pitch. You understand the pace or volume to easily change. Curry, this can also be changed to a certain. Yes, right. But that can also happen with practice. So right now my voice is soft, right? My voice will definitely change like this. Soft tone. Say hard. Hard. And that modulation, it is basic modulation practice. Definitely cassette.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Right. And that also shows confidence. Now for example, if I'm going high volume, high, high level. Right. A high volume. Kara, you see what is happening. So I did high volume, high pace, high pay and pitch is also done. That seems high energy. But it might also seem irritated. Correct. So there's a thin line between that. Why? Because we need to focus. I'm looking now. Let's keep the pace low but high volume. If we have to do this or we are going to do this.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Energetic sound or a maza VR name. But the missing element in these three is the emotion part. That is the last e, right. We have to do this. It's different. Then you have to do this. Why? Jesus. Just change the emotion with which I was saying that.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: These are the four things which if you start observing and you start noting down and then start experimenting on that which. Cassie, how? Where can you experiment? Whenever you have time. I understand. But whenever you get time over the weekend or you're listening, experiment with that could be topping paper. Lelo paper messiah.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Read it aloud.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Experiment in your safe space. Right? Because as you said, k let's say Abnaji volume or pace ingredients instead of energetic, it is sounding angry. Correct. So you have to practice it first in your safe space. Check it out by playing back the recording how it sounds.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. I'm recording in my mobile phone and.
Speaker A: I'm listening and don't mind, you know, by exaggerating a bit. Why exaggerate, Jaboga? Then understand. Then you find a sweet spot in the middle, right. It's okay. That is, your voice will also open up.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Which feels authentic to us. We don't want to copy anyone.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: That you should feel authentic to us. And the reason many amika dika apkojo video link bejata. Right. You'll also. It will also make more sense as I explain these four factors.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Amazing. Ted talk video. You should not miss it in this way. Which we definitely, right. The reason is it talks about a body mind connection. In the sense body language or mind connection. Gijo Bhat Karthik. So she's a leading psychologist, right? In this. And so she discovered, like for example, all of us trainers would tell you if you want to look confident and there are some power poses that we tell, right? They stand like that. So that it shows confidence. What Amikadi says is, if you do that for two minutes, even if you stand in that powerful door in two minutes, you will feel confident. You will actually become confident. That is a reciprocal action that happens with body language.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: You use power poses to actually also feel confident and look confident.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Changes it. So changing the body language can completely change who you are, right? That is the whole crux of the video. So when I'm thinking voice modulation up also intentionally, let's say energetic sound connector. Try curve. You also become that. And that is so interesting. Imagine a jeem low Lagara because of voice modulation. Change, Kara. Your body language change, Kara. That person completely changes. He becomes more energetic.
Speaker B: Yes. Can understand.
Speaker A: That is such an amazing thing to look forward to.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Right. There is four ease. It is. I hope you're taking notes.
Speaker B: No, I make. I'm taking note in the notepad.
Speaker A: Okay. Huh. Can you be able to note like. Right. You wrote the four ease emphasis. First was enunciation, emphasis energy. And last is emotion. Right. Emotion. Because emotion make a. There's a metaphysical state. What does that mean? Okay. I cannot express that emotion unless I feel it.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Why do they say actors? Why do they get destroyed in the sense of mentally or physically? Therapist give us a. When they do a challenging role. So why do. Why did they have such a facetime that acting. Right. But if they're going expressing that emotion, it's raw sense. They're actually feeling that.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: That's the only way up. Like a heart. It really feels that this guy is going to kill me or they really feel that this guy is crazy. Right. Those actors hath ledger acting. They actually self isolated themselves for one month in the room. Not talking to anyone, with anyone, without anything.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: To feel what it really is to be isolated. Right. So that's how it affects them to our voice. Maybe have to feel if you want to say something confident that confidence. Right. Same way abnorma, when I am explaining voice modulation, when I do that, even I feel good, right? That is the old reciprocal effect. Happiness, high energy. I feel good about it. I'm happy. Right.
Speaker B: The other person will get motivated.
Speaker A: Exactly. The energy is always contagious.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Night that happens. Very simple, right. So as a voice modulation pay worker or observe reflector, then you're able to apply it. And whenever you get time, we can make a. When you're relaxing, you record yourself, right? And when you start observing these things, look boulder hair. You will be able to implement it. Because now we understand the factors that govern it, which is a bigger thing.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Right. That is how we will proceed. Let's go try to reflect on that. We'll try to apply it to break the pattern. Also we can do a few sessions. We are reading aloud something or we are taking different news which has different emotion under it. There are news which are very grave, right. And since very saddening the news that are very energetic. For example, UK started vaccinations, right? I was hoping at this December end. Let's see. I'm really hoping for that.
Speaker B: Fingers crossed.
Speaker A: Covaxin Joe serum India has already told, right? They are asked the government's permission to launch in 15 days.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Even if doctors and everyone get it above the age of 50, gets the transmission rate reduces by 50% both. Okay?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Even I know if the vaccination starts I might get it over three to four months of five to six months, right. Personally, but at least my parents would get it first.
Speaker B: Yes, yes. Everyone has the same concern. Their parents should be said.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. So look at your presentation in terms of articulation, the choice of words that was talked in the IVLP because next, next week, my webinar Hora, if you don't reflect on it will not be able to change it. Yes, true. It's very important do that in the same way if you want. So reflector, extract the sentences and present a part of it. You put a bar minute Katha Islam, you want to present a shorter version of it or some part of it, you can do it.
Speaker B: Okay, so what's the next week plan?
Speaker A: Actually just what I told.
Speaker B: Okay, so I mean you want me.
Speaker A: Listen to your recording. Abna voice modulation. Kabi, they got a wobbly notice, then extract sentences. Right. Okay, what are the sentences that you feel could have been different? See such a pandemic experience that is a good part happens a grammatically incorrect. Don't prefer so much in the virtual part. The part is not the right apt word here.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So what is the right word for it? So that way you're refining the words that you normally use and never normally tend to overlook. Most of cheese have changed. So try to do that. That try to at least expect ten to 15 sentences so you see a pattern. You'll be able to change that when you're rectifying them on your own.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. Voice modulation if you want, present it again.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: A part of it. It's a long presentation, five to seven minutes. Part law. Present it again. The voice modulation if you're able to do that. Right. And as I said, case coaching calls are where you can experiment. Let it, let it be free.
Speaker B: Yes, it's true.
Speaker A: Let's try and do that.
Speaker B: So I will set up a 30 minutes call for next week.
Speaker A: I saw the 45 minutes so that we have time in case we need it.
Speaker B: Okay, sure, I'll do that.
Speaker A: Okay. Anything else that week? Zero week time. Reflect on that. That. So that will gradually changes.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: It's definitely I will give some time and even I'm giving the time probably I didn't mention it clearly because I'm, as I said, listening my own recording, my mobile.
Speaker A: Yes you did. Yes.
Speaker B: Yeah, but problem is that probably I didn't articulate you that uh, what are the task I'm doing articulate as well.
Speaker A: As now you understand the elements that govern it. The observation, it will be even better.
Speaker B: Yes, okay. True, true.
Speaker A: See. Then let's see in the next.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, sure. Let's.
Speaker A: Before you start the work, because I understand. Yeah.
Speaker B: Actually, I have a meeting right now. Already started there pinging me.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm booking within 30 minutes. My call is from eleven to 1130. I'll book.
Speaker A: Perfect. Thank you. Have a good day.
Speaker B: Thank you. Yes, m to you. Bye.
