Speaker A: A little bit around the public speaking and the idea about structuring thoughts. Right?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: So did you get some time or chance to apply anything at work, like anything that happened at work where you felt the whole tool can work?
Speaker B: Well, I have not applied, but yes, it has got inadvertently applied to my mind. So the thought, thought process is kicking in and application, of course, will happen over the period of time. But yes, it has stuck with me. And especially, like, I also went through that video that you had asked to. Yeah. For the TED talk. So went through it and found it really informative.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Basically about the idea to create, like, if you want to be a TEDx talk speaker, so you have to, like, create an idea on which you have to talk around. So that was really like, good thing to go through.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And one more thing, like I. We talked about, what are the things we should cover in the succeeding sessions. So one thing probably we missed some somehow due to oversight, because in the session also, I had pointed that out. See, the most important business need for me to have this particular ECBP session is like, I'm dealing with the US team and there is a gap in terms of, like, the ascent as well as the language and the jargons and all those things that they use. So that gap is. Is the major thing that needs to be, like, addressed somehow. At least. It can be, like, bridged to an extent. Rest. Maybe we can go. We can further squeeze down the written part of it. Written. Maybe we can half a session or even we can skip it. So that's what, like, I also wanted to revisit and see what can be done on that particular aspect of the American English or their way of, like, expression expressing themselves. And sometimes, like, they do mutter things, I would say that they would just say it. So how to catch that up and, like, be able to respond or be able to understand that aspect.
Speaker A: All right, I got that point. I mentioned it in the list that you have already shared. So probably for this particular thing, I'll also search a little bit and see, you know, how exactly can we go ahead and plan it. So I think working with any sort of accent requires a lot of, you know, ear memory. Like, you should build that muscle of understanding a particular accent. And that can be done by listening to more such, you know, sounds or more such accents. So let me figure out if I can plan out a module for you. I'll also tell Rashi he has something to suggest and we can then take that ahead.
Speaker B: Okay. That would be really great. And if you can, like, also share some, like, maybe YouTube links or other wherein these can be built in. It will be really helpful.
Speaker A: Sure. Sure. I'll do that. I'll have to search it myself because this is very specific me. Once I search, I'll just, you know, do a quality check if that is all right to be sent or not, and then I will.
Speaker B: Okay. Thank you.
Speaker A: Okay. All right. So today, is that okay if we discuss more around that tool itself that we discussed the last time, like the application part of it?
Speaker B: Yeah. You are talking of the value tool that we discussed last time to, like, create value for the audience, what they want and like to touch upon their pain points or opportunity or the delight.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: Yeah, we can.
Speaker A: We can do it. So let's discuss about your inflections from the video first. So you watched that video. You said that you liked it as well. What were some of the things that, you know, caught your attention, some of the learnings that you have had that.
Speaker B: Caught your attention from the video that you shared?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Basically he talked, like, how to give a TED talk, basically, like, to be a public speaker and connect with a very, very large audience. I can continue here. Thank you, Siddhartha.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, basically, to connect with so many people who would be, like, on different plane and very vast. So, like, what is the thing that will connect all of those with you?
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Of course. He talked about some technicalities, neurons and all those things that is there. So basically he said that you have to build. They are like, the key, one common, key ingredients of, like, many people who have given, like, many similar talk on various topics. The key ingredient that unites them is the idea how to build, like, if you want to give a really good talk and be an impressive speaker, you have to build an idea that, on which you are able to connect with such a large audience. So basically, he has given, like, how. How do you build that idea? So, like, I think he gave four points on building that idea that first, like, he said that first focus on I. He said something like, limit yourself to just one key thing and build on to it with the context and all those things and go into details of that particular. Just one single thing. Because, you know, if you, like, go on multiple things, jump over, like, multiple topics, you will not be able to do. So build on just one thing and maybe, like, steer steals curiosity amongst the audience so that. So that they become more receptive to you. Then it was like building on piece by piece and using the, what you call piece by piece, using the concept that they themselves understand speaking in their language, rather than like, you using your language, you speak in their language. Like simplify it for them. Sort of like maybe it may be highly technical, the idea, but simplify in a way that they understand, not how you want to make them understand. And last but not least, it was like the idea itself, what you want to convey should be worth something of worth or benefit to them rather than like, what you want to sell to them. Otherwise it won't click. So that was more about public speaking. It holds true for the politicians also. So they will offer subsidies and other things which appeals to the audience, not what the government can give, but what the electorate want.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: So that that was, I think, more about it. And he said that it's a myth that people have, like that you throw in rosy words or you conclude it doesn't happen.
Speaker A: Like, yeah, it doesn't affect us.
Speaker B: Yeah, it doesn't affect. So that myth has to be broken. You have to understand, right. How you are. Like, if you have to be really effective speaker, you have to do it in a way what he said, that build upon an idea and this is how you have to build upon.
Speaker A: Right. Perfect. So you have got the learning skill, you know, correctly. And if not all, some of it also holds true for the kind of business conversation that you have now. The whole video was similar to, you know, the tool that we discussed together, value. It was similar in some terms. Okay, now, like he said, that give them a reason to care.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Which is the, which was about value. So why exactly will they care? Right. What is it, what is it that, that they are earning from your presentation? That they should care and listen to your presentation. So that was one aspect, another one that I really, really like. And I think it fits in almost all sorts of business conversation is to have a through line.
Speaker B: Through line through life. Okay.
Speaker A: So he says something in between. There's a very small point that he says that you should have one major idea which should flow and become the through line. And every point should connect back to that particular point.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Right. So now there are two, three things that happen when we are leading a meeting or when we are presenting in our business conversations, because these business conversations are very diverse. There are many points that we are discussing. Right. So sometimes we would end up focusing a lot on how we feel. It is important, but not how, you know, it. It should be for the other person. So a major shift that we have to bring in in our thought process to improve it and to enhance it is to bring in the audience's perspective over here. Right? And when you are able to bring in the audience's perspective, when you do that causal analysis, understand what is the value, what is the exact value for the audience, you also get to understand the purpose of your presentation.
Speaker B: Yes, that is true. And that. That's what we do also, like, if you go to a customer, obviously what he wants.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: So that is there. Yeah.
Speaker A: Correct. Perfect. So now let's. Let's try and see what all of these tools are. You already apply and what are some of the areas that we can now change. Okay, so give me any sort of business conversation or presentation that you have to do where you feel that this tool would really work and you would want to try out an implementation.
Speaker B: Okay, see, basically, one of the main business communication that I do is like, we have a weekly review meeting which I conduct. And with the entire us project team, it is being conducted.
Speaker A: Okay? So.
Speaker B: That meeting, unfortunately, is being conducted in a true essence, what we want. Like, we have our set roles, we have our KPI's that the progress of the project is fixed. Like it's. It should go as per the plan and the financial health of the project should go as per the plan. So it is not from their perspective, because we are reviewing the project. Of course, we are conducting that meeting, but they are presenting for each of the project. They are the project respective project manager and the operation head is projecting the fine points of the projects to us. We have given them certain templates, of course, they build onto that have their own templates built on in a way they want to present. So we like, when they go through it, we ask them questions and it's like a interactive thing. Of course, we are part of the same team, but then it's a part of the review process. So here. Yeah, so here we can, like, evaluate how we can do it more effectively or how the value can be added into that conversation.
Speaker A: Right, so like you said that this is a conversation that for right now, is happening more from your perspective, right?
Speaker B: Yes, because, like, yeah, we are the reviewer and they are like the presenter.
Speaker A: They are the presenters. Okay. All right. Okay. So here, since you are playing a role of reviewer, there's nothing that you have to present to them, right? There's nothing where you have to frame thoughts and you have to talk to them.
Speaker B: And we do have to, because, like, we are in the early stage of project, so we have to present to them, like, when they go through the paces, we have to present to them that what is our need and how the company's system and procedures work. And how we have to, like, go ahead. So we have to present our thought, our philosophy of execution, so that it gets stuck with them and they, like, start following those ways and procedures in the way of implementing things.
Speaker A: Okay. All right. Now let's. Let's try and work around how exactly can we change some of the things. So right now, whatever you are able to implement there. So you said that you tell them about what is your scope? So that thing should stick. And I think based on how your delivery is, it really impacts how they understand the scope and the deadlines and everything, correct?
Speaker B: No, they understand the deadlines and the scope and the financial part of it. But. But, like, how. See, basically. Okay, let me put it more. With more clarity. We want the review process to run in a certain manner.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: And processes and systems to run in a certain manner of the company. Like, they have to follow that. They know how to do the work that that's. And they know the goals, objectives of the project are crystal clear. Deadlines are crystal clear. So we want to structure the review process. We have given them lots of slides to fill and come back, but they have. They, like, they fill whatever they want to fill, and they don't fill whatever they don't want to project, or they, like, change the full way of presentation that they do. A diametrically opposite way of presentation. Sort of. I'm just sharing the exact. So if during the course of presentation, you want to, like, on each of the slide, you want to say that I want this to be in this manner and why we want this to be in this particular manner. So let's take that scenario and see what. How. And how we can, like, make it more effective. We, of course, we have said that multiple times that we have written to them also. We have shared the templates also. But if it doesn't happen, then how do we do it?
Speaker A: Okay. All right. Okay. So now here you're saying that you have told them to do something in a particular manner multiple times, not just one time. You have told them to do it multiple times, and still there is some gap because of which they're not doing it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Now let's try and understand the receiver orientation here a little bit. What might be some of the reasons why they are not doing it. What do you expect? Like, what if you are them, right? If you were at their place, if you were in their shoes? Let's try and think what all possible ideas can be, why they are not doing it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So if the idea is that if we understand the root of it, we probably may get an idea of how it can be explained so that they do it.
Speaker B: Okay. One would be like the cultural gap.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: It could be that. That they are used to doing a particular way of things and they would like to. And it's not that their system or their templates are not good. They. They also have a good and robust systems and templates. So one would be that gap. Second thing would be like the timelines, because, like, they don't have too many working hands. Like, the project manager himself has to do it. So he may be, like, busy and his priority would be different then, like, in the indian context, our priorities are always, like, what the bosses want first that has to be done. He is like, work is first and foremost sort of priority in the cultural context. Or it could be like understanding the templates and understanding whether it is really important to be presented in that way. So it could be like any of these or it could be something else which needs to be proved.
Speaker A: Right. Right. And has there been any conversation where you would have checked with him that, you know, it was asked for this particular. In a particular format and you didn't give it? So was there a sort of response from which we can guess or gauge what this was? No.
Speaker B: No. Nothing?
Speaker A: No. Okay. All right, so tell me one more thing. How. How do they understand how important are these templates for you?
Speaker B: Not sure, but. Yeah, I'm not sure. But yes, they do understand that these.
Speaker A: These are important.
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker A: I think they might know that these are important. That's why you are giving it to them. But.
Speaker B: Yeah, but they. But they. They know that these are important because they don't delete them. They just, like, make them hidden. So when they run the presentation, it is there in the slide deck. But when they run the presentation, it gets skipped. So there has been, like, occasion that when, like we said that we want to discuss this particular topic and we gave them that this is. You prepare them in this way so that it's easier to understand. So what they have done, they have pasted the template itself, but they didn't, like, fill it and with the details. But of course, like, this is. This has not happened, like, all the time. Sometimes they have, like, come back and fill and give that. Gave that, like, what that was for the financial data, so they could understand that the need of the hour. Maybe. Maybe in that context they did.
Speaker A: Okay. All right. So I think I may. I may not be completely correct here, but some of the things that I feel can work. Now, this is not really a thinking aspect. This is more around, you know, if you want a particular work to be done, how do you ensure that it is done without spoiling relationships and also without you being rude or without you being bossy or ordering, how can you still do it? Okay, there are two, three things that I think might work, and you always can go back and check if that happens or not. One is that sometimes, you know, if a person, let's say if I am that person, okay. And you have asked me to fill the whole information in a particular format and give it to you. Okay. Now, sometimes either I may not understand the gravity of it, that how exactly does it impact? And probably that's the reason why, since it is also something that does not match my process and I am wired to do my work in my process.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's true.
Speaker A: Sometimes when this particular idea is not reminded, it skips.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Right. So maybe one thing that can work is that, let's say, then think about those situations where you used to follow a particular situation, but you were asked to change it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. So in, in the beginning, it would have been difficult for you. Your mind would have kept going back to another process.
Speaker B: There's always a resistance, uh, per se in the mind when you have to, like.
Speaker A: Right. There's a resistance. And the moment you understand that, yes, it is important for me, it is necessary, then you start changing it. So there is a transition time. There's a transition time in which you are trying to replace the old habit with a new one. Right. So now these are the two things that we have to remind them. Some of the things that we can do is maybe a day or two days prior of the meeting, we'll send them an email saying that we are looking forward to our meeting on so and so day and we would really look forward to then in bullet points, ABCD. And there you mention that this is needed in our format. In the format. Or you would have a name for that format, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So that is something that can always be done where at least, you know, if that reminder goes in time and if they realize that they have enough time where this can be changed, at least they have it in their mind, they can apply some sort of effort and do it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Another thing, another thing that would really, really help is to help is to have a conversation with them just about these templates itself, because we don't know if they understand how important these are for us or not. Right, right.
Speaker B: No, they do understand, because now what they have done, like they have set up a meeting to, like, they have called it like reporting expectations.
Speaker A: Very good. They send it like say something similar.
Speaker B: So they themselves said it because they could also gauge that like there is a unnecessary stress just because of this particular thing. That's how they are going to do it. One thing just I want to know, like we are interacting with like almost ten to twelve key members from the US operations. So of course there is a good bit of professional, you can say repo and corporation building in. How do you like take it to the next level? Like how to break the ice and take it like to build a personal repo also. So what are the good ways of communication to do it? Like how to go about it.
Speaker A: Okay. All right. So some of the ways in which personal rapport can be there is when you make the other person realize that apart from the verb conversation, you care for them.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Care is something that people would sense very quickly. Okay. Now if then you start a conversation, if the conversation starts with a work related thing and ends with a work related thing, that personal one to one connect is missing.
Speaker B: Okay?
Speaker A: Right. I'm essentially saying that if you can ask a few questions, a few, you know, complimentary questions that, that are just for focused on him. And I don't, by this I don't mean how are you, how is work? Not this. Okay. Maybe if you get to know that he was on a leave or end somewhere on the trip.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Right. Maybe you can ask about that trip. Anything that you question or discuss around know how, what exactly is going on in his personal space.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Right. Just one or two sentences where you say that. Okay, I heard you were on leave, on vacation the last week. I hope you had a great vacation. So just like that, even not asking, but just wishing them something like that. That can help you build, you know, one to one connect.
Speaker B: Okay, that sounds good. Yeah.
Speaker A: Another thing probably that can help is, you know, just talking to them about how their work is going on. So if you, then you start a conversation, just say, okay, how is work? How, how is this week going on? I hope you. So these sort of complementary sentences that, you know, I hope, I think this week for you is very busy. How is work going on? You would know those patterns in their work, right? They are free. So start picking up those smaller ideas that if you know that it's very busy there, can you ask them something around that?
Speaker B: Okay, so basically trying to understand like more not exactly on the exact work topic, but like trying to make them relax by speaking like something personal or work related, but still not being non work related, sort of.
Speaker A: Exactly. So, because I understand that when you, the moment you ask them something, all of a sudden out of work, they may or may not be very comfortable with it. So you may want to start with something which is still work related, but not your and his work that you're talking about. Not, not about the topic. Ask about how's work life going on. Right. How was this, uh, how are the projects running? So each question. So then I hope I'm not disturbing.
Speaker B: Okay. Right. Yeah, that, that's true. Okay, so we covered this. Anything else like, which can be used to.
Speaker A: I am also thinking. So I think the idea is to catch these places or catch these opportunities where you are more interested in the person itself, not in the conversation that you're going to have with him about the work.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Right. So whatever helps you to connect with that person, about him. So try and know more about him. So how is the day or something like this where the person feels that you're talking to him about him?
Speaker B: Okay, that's, that's good. And could you like, while you will be doing research, could you also like, suggest some book which gives the american perspective or something like that?
Speaker A: Let me research around us culture a little bit and let me share that with you. I think I'll take, I take this week before and next week is to identify if there is something that I can share with you around us culture and understanding american and the way of working in.
Speaker B: Yeah. Their work ethics or something. We have a lot of time. I think the next call would be after 20th.
Speaker A: Yes. I'll do one thing. I'll keep on sharing as I, you know, find something. One trail mail, so that whenever you have time, you can just go to that trail mail and keep, you know, discussing.
Speaker B: Okay. That would be great because. Okay, so thank you. So anything else or we cut off for the day?
Speaker A: I think we can cut off. I mean, these were slightly different ideas that we discussed today and I hope these sort of ideas help. Now, our conversation around the application of the tools still remains. Now, I think. I think you're going somewhere, right? You are on a us visit now.
Speaker B: Yes, I am going. I would be going from six to 18. So after that, because timeline, time zone difference was there. So I thought not to disturb anybody during that time.
Speaker A: No problem. So I think there in the US, when you discuss with the people face to face, you'll probably have more, you know, opportunities where the thinking tool can be applied. So I would just give you one suggestion that when you go ahead and have a conversation with them, start with the value and their expectation, their needs, probably you'll have enough opportunities to apply. And when you come back, when you have the next conversation, we'll definitely discuss about how was your experience? Did you get to try the tool or not? So we'll do that once you are back from us.
Speaker B: Sure, we will do that. And I will wait for some mails to come if you are able to do that. Thank you. Thank you so much and have a nice day.
Speaker A: You too. And safe travels to the US.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker A: All right, bye.
