Speaker A: Can you hear me?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: So how was the workshop?
Speaker B: It was nice. It was pretty insightful.
Speaker A: What are the things you loved most?
Speaker B: I think UA directors directed us first go the simple way and how important it is to have a good body language when you're presenting something. All those things. But mostly I like the simple approach, you know, speaking short sentences, trying to keep yourself calm. You know, I thought when I was presenting, I was a bit shaking in that, making small sentences. It helped me also out, you know, have a better approach towards email writing and all. Overall, everything was good, you know, so.
Speaker A: So it was based on body language, writing, writing in terms of even reports or even email writing and choice of words, I guess.
Speaker B: Yeah, definitely. There was, you know, things we need to avoid and things we need to, like, redundancy is like, I understand this, but like this.
Speaker A: I didn't get the last part. Sorry.
Speaker B: Like, you know, usually while you are writing emails, it is our average. You know, I understand that it's saying weekend, but I really want to do work. So we are contradicting our own thought. Right.
Speaker A: So, yes, yes.
Speaker B: So in order to eradicate that, what we need to do is, I hate to ruin your weekend, but this is urgent and we have to take care of it.
Speaker A: Saying no.
Speaker B: How does it.
Speaker A: Come? The pile of work that you get sometimes you'll have to put your priorities into a project. Right.
Speaker B: And.
Speaker A: But it's. You can't really say no more to another project, but you have to wait out. Right?
Speaker B: Definitely.
Speaker A: That's right. So I see you have had your pre interaction with a chin.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. So apnea expectations may bolata first thing that, as you're from technical sometimes get difficult to explain. Right. When people are not on the non technical background. Okay. Then they have tendency. You say you have a tendency to miss on important points. Yeah.
Speaker B: Like, in my head, I would have prepared for like, ten sentences, but when I'm presenting, it becomes two.
Speaker A: Tensor. Two.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like content gap. Okay.
Speaker A: So we will work on a process by which we'll be able to remember the structure, remember the flow in a better way.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right, so we will start slowly and start with storytelling. So I'll get to that later. Right. First I said I want to find the right words to say. I can't find the right words. How to say this. So what we essentially want to do is increase our vocabulary.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I hope the background noise is not too much. Can you hear?
Speaker B: That's okay. I'll let you know if I am having trouble hearing you.
Speaker A: Yeah. Because there's a. Yeah. So it's construction going on in the house beside me.
Speaker B: No, that's no problem. I'm not even noticing it.
Speaker A: Oh, that's great.
Speaker B: Great.
Speaker A: All right. So it's too loud for me, I guess.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right. So first what? As I said, we need to develop a vocabulary. Right. Now what happens is. So, okay, first tell me about your reading habits.
Speaker B: Uh, I did start reading a book after, you know, as is recommended. I got this one from Sasitharoor. I mean.
Speaker A: Okay, which one?
Speaker B: Definitely a guy who knows his book. I will reject.
Speaker A: Which one is it? Part two, being a Hindu.
Speaker B: The part. Second part of it. The hindu way.
Speaker A: That should be interesting.
Speaker B: Yeah, I thought it is getting aligned with my thoughts.
Speaker A: This is great. Do share your insights whenever you can. I'm interested in that. And you feel like I'll buy it. So that's good. Now tell me, what do you do when you encounter a word that you do not know? It's a new word. What do you do?
Speaker B: I look it up on the Internet.
Speaker A: Then?
Speaker B: And then I try to use it on a sentence.
Speaker A: Do you make a sentence from it when you're reading the words meaning?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, kind of. You know, first I translate it into Hindi. Then, you know, to get the context completely. Then you make a sentence. I mean, I try to see where I'll be, you know, able to use it.
Speaker A: Gonna give me 1 minute. That someone at the door. Just give me 1 minute. Yeah. I'm really sorry. Just two minutes, right? Yeah. So, as you said, you first see a word and try to apply it, right. But that is where we are getting stuck. Why? Because I'm Adai Kamkara. What happens is when we just see the word, right. And take care. Bye bye. That's it. So this is similar to us meeting someone in a meeting. Okay. Hi. Achala Kadamuga Dominica. Bad ariya kanta. Right. So that is what our mind does. Mind says this is needed for temporary memory just to understand this particular context. So temporary memory. So if you really want. This is a word I really want to remember. Right. So first, when we read the sentence, try to predict what it can mean. That's when your mind starts working. That is the first step. Then do as you always do, search for it and understand the meaning. Right. Now you understand the meaning and apply it in a sentence. But I also want you, as a final step, to note it down somewhere. Right now, you can always note it down in a mobile. Right. We have so many notes, applications which are synced. We can always sync it online. For example, I use Google keep. Okay, so Google keep is an app I use, right. Which can be seen on my desktop as well when I'm signed in.
Speaker B: So is it like that, you know, Google word of the day or something? When you keep searching words on Google, it suggests, do you want to use Google Word? Something?
Speaker A: I do not know about Google words. Right. I have to search that if it is very useful.
Speaker B: I don't think it's an app, actually. Just suggest, like, you know, what the day suggestions. Yeah.
Speaker A: That is their own algorithms. It's not an app as such. This is a specific app for your notes.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: You can even invite in different collaborators also. So let's say you and your one or two friends want to develop your vocabulary. So that's a single document that both of you are writing the words. You can write it from his device, he can, you can write from your device. You can do that as well. So you can even collaborate. Let's let our team is there. Let's, you know, make developer vocabulary so you can have something specific to your job as well. Coming to that, can you tell me a little about your job role? You into cyber security?
Speaker B: Yeah, into cybersecurity. You know, I work with penetration testing for web applications, mobile apps, and, you know, even if infrastructure. So mostly, you know, I run different kind of automated tools. I have also, you know, manual approach to go about things. And once we find the vulnerabilities, we present it to the customer and we help through the process. You know, like when the developers are fixing it and they need some kind of help, then we have to tell them how. Why is it, you know, a vulnerability and how they should fix it. So that's the whole process. And before that, you know, the starting thing is we understand from them how the application works. So once we got get the application walkthrough, then we move on with our testing, then we present themselves the issues we found, and then we help them fix the same.
Speaker A: Yeah, that, that sounds very interesting, I would say. Right, so we find a vulnerabilities in people and help them. Yeah, that's one way of saying it.
Speaker B: Yeah. It's not charity, though. We charge enough, I think.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's not charity. So that's good. That's really interesting. Right. So what I was suggesting is you can even have two notes for two dictionaries, right. Keep one dictionary very specific to your work. Right. Those are jargons, those are terminologies that you use in your cyber security world. I don't know what you call it. That's. I will call it a cyber security world. Right. So you can have two dictionaries which you can use in your daily life. And this dictionary we can know when you're speaking to someone who's the same in the sense as an engineer or has studied cybersecurity, he will understand these jargons. That is easy for you. But now, as you said, you want to explain to someone who's non technical. So what are the words that you will use for that? There are different ways of doing it. One of them, I would say, is storytelling. So even if. Hello? Yeah, you can hear me, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Now, storytelling doesn't necessarily mean story Patanga. Storytelling can go even in your technical presentations. So by storytelling, what I mean is whenever you're explaining something, they are able to understand it word by word and they're following you throughout. Throughout your whole story.
Speaker B: It will help, sorry to interrupt. It will help them like relate, you know, with the. I'm not saying there will be necessary characters, but if I go in a story way, they'll be more interested and they'll try to relate themselves.
Speaker A: So if, let's say saying login k time pay as. This is a particular problem that is happening, right? So a technical way to do is login may. Problem a is current. Let's say your password can be hacked.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Something as simple as that. Keyword key logger up Maggie. Something like that. Right. But if you explain what a key logger is, right. Go with the story. Let's say someone came in your laptop and installed a key logger, right? And next time, when you're logging in it, everything is being tracked by that XYZ person. And this time your password is now vulnerable. So it's like a story. I'm telling it in time, like a story. Right. So that helps. So that also comes to our 1st. 1st homework. Alright, so we'll start with something very simple, right? And through that we'll discuss different concepts and slowly go towards more of your technical problems, technical issues and technical topics. So for the first call, I mean for the second call, right. I want you to present on your happiest childhood memory.
Speaker B: Sure. So the idea is to me, making a slide and talk about it. Not a slide.
Speaker A: Not required.
Speaker B: All right. So I'll just tell you.
Speaker A: Unless you have some particular photos that you want to show about a particular memory, I don't mind.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: But one more. Two things are there. First is you have to write it and send it to me. And then you can present it. So your writing acts as a sample.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: The sample through which we can discuss and see if there are any grammatical mistakes we need to work on.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So you work it on the grammatical mistakes. And so when you're telling me your story, I will. You will also have to set a structure. I want to see how you do it. But I also want to explain one concept, which you have to use when you are explaining this. All right, it is. So was the concept golden circle discussed in the workshop?
Speaker B: Golden circus? I don't recall.
Speaker A: Circle. Circle, not circus.
Speaker B: Yeah, sorry. My bad. I don't recall it. Sorry.
Speaker A: All right, so Golden Circle is not discussed. All right, so what golden circle says is it was a term coined by Mister Simon Sinek. All right? So he says, like, how do those greatest leaders in the world differentiate themselves? What is so different about them? How do they do it and why do they do it? Right. So some leaders, like Steve Jobs or any kind of CEO's who are presenting their ideas, their products into the world, right? So he discovered it's about how they're expressing their ideas forward. So he said, there are three questions you must ask, and it has to be in this particular sequence. What we normally do is always, we go in this sequence, but we never reach to y. So let me explain this with an example. For example, let's say we have Uber right? Now, the concept of Ola and Uber was revolutionary when they came into the market, right? So let's assume Ola and Uber are not there in the market. This is the first time they have introduced themselves. So no one knows, really knows who they are. They are approaching Deloitte. Right? Okay. So as your representative going there and they're meeting someone from Uber. Okay. Hi. So you are Uber. So what do you do? Think we have cab services. So what he did? He used what first? Yeah, what first? What are we thinking? Cap services. So sorry, we don't have cap service. We refunded. Refunded. We don't have any coach gone. He could not even explain why his idea was so unique and why they do it. Let's say now this guy has heard of. Heard of Simon Sinek. He has gone through the golden circle. Now approach with the same question. Hi. I heard you from Uber. What do you do? So we at Uber believe that everyone should have access to transportation wherever they are and whenever they want at the cheapest prices. And all of this at the palm of your hand. That sounds really interesting. So what do you do? How do you do it? So what we do is we take your mobile. Use the gps to locate where you are. Then contact all the nearby drivers to who will come and pick you up from your location at the most affordable prices. So what are you basically into? We have cab services. So he goes from why they do it, how they have it, do it and what they do. And that makes all the difference. Even in advertisements for iPhone will last me Boulega, the new iPhone. Right. They tell you about the experience, right, right. They go to why. Why they create. They want to create an experience. Then they go to how using the best technology from all around the globe, what they do. We happen to make good computers, we happen to make good mobiles. That's the last thing that they say, like, that makes all the difference. And of course, I will send you the link to the TED talk because I wanted to hear it from Simon Sinek himself. Doesn't do justice to the concept.
Speaker B: Yeah, right, right. But I got, I got, you know, I just got the gist of it.
Speaker A: You could see a difference, but that is. But now the question is simple. The answers sometimes are not. So if I ask you, let's say you are telling me in a particular story. So for you have to ask these three questions, why this story? Because when I said happiest childhood story, Bataani, a lot of stories, you know, ran through your head, but there was a one or two prominent ones can be. I'll tell this one. So ask the first question, why out of all these stories, why is this one really important? How. What were the how means, how did unfold, what were the events and what basically happened or you felt or you experienced. Okay, I want you to tell it in that sequence because when I was first introduced to the golden circle, I just found out I was always going with what. Right. And of course, as someone who has dealt with so many clans, sometimes you would have to go directly to what based on the clan. So like a story. Matsuna, direct point pair. Yeah, right. But to have a depth of understanding of whatever we are going to present or whatever conversation you're going to have, this really helps. And especially when you have to win over the client, this will definitely help. If this is the vulnerability, this, you really need to do this. So Simon Sineka, golden circle car Ted talk. They can. Right. Story Bataani. And you have to send it to me in writing.
Speaker B: Okay. So just before my one day four is good with you?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Sunday before is good, but it should be sent before the coaching call. I'm very lenient in that way, but coaching call. Right. And I think you must have booked a call in next week. Joanna cancel Kiahoga.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I. I booked again for, I think 29th. It was next to next week, I believe. I. We will have another call on next Thursday only I booked it on Thursday.
Speaker A: Yeah, works. I'm in Delhi for a workshop so I had to cancel those calls. Yeah. Or 1616. Got 1230 Upni, cancel khadiya 23rd one I had to cancel. You booked on 29th, three to 330. All right, all right, looks good. And I'm happy that you booked all 123-456-7899 surplus book.
Speaker B: I think during that session only as is asked us to, you know, go straight ahead and book. So I couldn't even remember. And one of them I also cancelled. So I think you'll find eight.
Speaker A: This one, you canceled one today, I guess. I think that's another batch.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I didn't search it with the email address. All right, so that's good. Yes. And in case I understand there are some emergency meetings that happen. Try to inform me as soon as you can in case of an emergency. But. And if you're short a Kalka meeting name on your life, just email it to me.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And best part is you can even cancel it in the your calendar so it will show up in my.
Speaker B: When I thought of the same. And you know, I tried to book it around three to so there ideally student with those cases. But if they come up, I'll definitely know, inform you well in advance so.
Speaker A: It helps me plan it. You have a better.
Speaker B: Yeah. Right. I don't want to even, you know.
Speaker A: Right. And anything else, anything else that you are expecting from other than the two things that you said in with watching.
Speaker B: I think, you know, maybe I just, you know, like to go with the flow. I mean the structure you have and I think I learn on the way only if I'm missing something else.
Speaker A: All right. So please be sure that you can always add. Right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Articulation and missing off point. That is structure. We are definitely going to work on it. We'll take it beyond that also. Right. But that is the base that we will create.
Speaker B: Right, sir.
Speaker A: All right. That'd be great because after we'll keep. I will keep changing the roadmap. Right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And also that I will keep throwing challenges accordingly.
Speaker B: Yeah, challenges will be good. You know, it. It will give me some activity to do and it will engage me, I think.
Speaker A: Yes. So no word limitation on your story then.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: All right. Yeah.
Speaker B: When I was going to ask about that, how many words and how many minutes do I have to speak for if I decide to speak?
Speaker A: Basically, I think it should take. It takes five to seven minutes in general, to people to tell us one story about them. So if it takes longer, I'm okay with it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: But should not go for 30 minutes.
Speaker B: Okay, sir.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right, then. Great. Then let's see you in the next call. I'll send you Ted talk, as well as one more video that I want you to watch.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right, great. See you in the next call.
Speaker B: Yeah. Thank you so much.
