Speaker A: My name is Shiva Gami. I joined Deloitte Bangalore three months back. I'm a chartered accountant by profession and I did my article ship also with Deloitte, but that was in Chennai, so basically a fresher.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And yes, I work with the risk advisory department.
Speaker B: That's pretty much okay. Something from your personal life, I mean, where you're from, what are your interest in hobbies? Something.
Speaker A: Okay. I am basically from Chennai. And things I'm interested in. I like reading books. Not all. I like historical fiction. I am a history fanity. Apart from that, I like cooking, basically. That's one of my favorite pastime. Mostly a stress buster.
Speaker B: Completely agree.
Speaker A: Yes. Because I've been doing ca for the past four years, I have to figure out what other things I like.
Speaker B: Okay, great. So history fanatic, as it, as you said, is it world history or indian history in specific indian history? Indian medieval, both.
Speaker A: I like understanding how things roll out basically to basically delve into the cause for everything that happens that's like history.
Speaker B: Can you just give a brief example of any particular timeline change that you are quite a fan of?
Speaker A: No, not necessarily in like, I like reading about how things evolve. Nothing in specific, from harappan civilization to mughal empire to British India, everything kind.
Speaker B: Of the course of time, how it has changed the culture and so on and so forth.
Speaker A: Correct.
Speaker B: Thank you. Thank you for the brief introduction. I just want to confirm your name. Is this Shivagami or Shivakama Sundari?
Speaker A: Shiva gama Sundari. For convenience, it's Shiva kami shivakami.
Speaker B: Okay, great. Thank you. So Shiva gaming. Nice to meet you. So my name is Deepak Bonala. I'll be your coach for the next few weeks.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So I come from Vizag, Andhra. I've completed my graduation in Trichy. From Trichy. And I work briefly in Chennai as well. So I'm fairly associated with tamil language and the food basically. And I mean, I've done my post graduation, forestry management post, which I'm associated with for the past two years. There's a little bit about me.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker B: So moving on, I just want to understand that this is the first interaction, so the kind of job role that you are in. So as it fairly new for you. Right. So I just want to understand what do you do on a daily basis and then how does communication play an important role in your current job role as your future job roles?
Speaker A: So basically the profile, I mean, is client interaction profile. So we always have to face the client. I am currently in the risk advisory department. What we do is support audit team with all the technical stuff, how to test their systems and all that, for which we basically have to bridge the gap between the it infrastructure that the client has and the requirement that the audit team has. So we will always have to constantly interact with both the client and internally with the audit team. So that's pretty much it. And which basically means we should be good with words and try and put forth our ideas and understanding in the right time.
Speaker B: Correct, correct. So, uh, have you attended the two days workshop conducted by Ashish?
Speaker A: No. They've sent another invite for a session in May. Sorry, March.
Speaker B: Okay, module two. Yeah, that will be module two, I presume? Yes. In March, is it on fifth and 6th or something of that sort?
Speaker A: Yes, yes, yes. I own the first week of March.
Speaker B: Yeah. So that would be our module two. So as you haven't experienced the module one as of now, and then there hasn't been. So in module one, what happens is that we go through a focus group discussion in which the participant has to speak on many particular topic for five minutes or so, so that we can do a little bit of pre assessment and get to know what are the various areas that one can improve on.
Speaker A: Understood. So I don't think you attended that session. No, I didn't attend because I didn't.
Speaker B: I got, I got the information. So this session is predominantly to know about what is your specific area of challenges and then what are all the areas that you want me to focus on, so on and so forth. So as you have described, the job role is morely based on communication. Are there any challenges that you face or do you think there are any specific areas that you want us to improve in terms of communication?
Speaker A: What I would like to work on is my communication skill. It's never about client interface. I like to focus more on my presentation skills specifically.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Because I never found it difficult to strike conversations or take it forward, and I'm pretty much confident. But when it comes to presentation, it's not about the content, it's about the content delivery, which has always been a challenge for me.
Speaker B: Right. So when you say delivery, it's on a very subjective level. Presentation has a lot of parameters that come into picture. So what exactly in presentations, I mean, do you prepare well? Are you not able to replicate the thoughts little bit more specific in that approach?
Speaker A: Okay, replicate, no, it's more about how to structure a presentation and how to make it more interesting and engaging. That's something around which I want to work.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Because the content basically will revolve around the topic or the agenda for discussion. Right. Apart from that, there are other things which make up a speaker. Very engaging. Like there might be two people delivering the same content and one person might make the entire crowd dose off and the other person might keep everybody, you know, active throughout the entire session. So basically, about how to engage audience while presenting is what I'd like to improve on.
Speaker B: Okay. Engaging the audience and anything apart from this.
Speaker A: I am not sure. Probably through the course I will figure out what else I love to improve.
Speaker B: Definitely.
Speaker A: This is one thing that describes.
Speaker B: Yeah, I understand. So in under to understand more about the way you structure your thought process, we'll do a small activity for now. So for that, I need some information from you. So give me some topic that you are quite knowledgeable about or quite passionate about. Anything.
Speaker A: You can give me any random topic. I wouldn't touch.
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker A: You can give me any random topic. I'm not able to suddenly recollect a topic.
Speaker B: I said something you had your knowledge about, your passionate about. So that is something that is.
Speaker A: I can probably talk about why cooking is such a meditation.
Speaker B: Okay. Cooking great works. So I'm just tweaking a little bit of intel here to create a hypothetical situation.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: So let's say that this is a hypothetical situation. This is the scenario that I'm giving. You are an expert cook.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Let's say chef. An indian based chef.
Speaker A: Sure. Okay.
Speaker B: And so you have been called upon by a particular set of people to address the students who are in the age group of 18 to 22.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay. So they're there to listen to you cooking, how you can, so on and so forth. Just cooking. Just that. You are an expert on cooking. You write blogs and so on and so forth. And then you have filter here that you have only ten minutes to give a talk on that.
Speaker A: Okay, talk for ten minutes or ten minutes to prepare?
Speaker B: Ten minutes. Talk.
Speaker A: Okay. Talk for ten minutes. That's kind of stressful.
Speaker B: I understand, sir. You have been given only ten minutes to talk and then your audience are in the age group of 18 to 20. These are your two filters. You are an expert on cooking. You are a big chef. You are going to address them. Okay, indian bishop.
Speaker A: Understood.
Speaker B: So, given the scenario as of now, what are the five key main points that you would like to highlight and then present in your talk? Can you just give me a minute? Sorry to interrupt. Think about it and then come back. Hello.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Thank you for waiting. Sorry for the interruption.
Speaker A: That's all right.
Speaker B: So you got the scenario, right?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Were you able to come up with five points, or do you need a minute?
Speaker A: I think I can give you five points.
Speaker B: So what are the five key points.
Speaker A: That I would deliver to the audience? First, I would like to tell them why it is a survival skill to learn cooking. Okay. And why it's not something, which is why it's not a gender specific role. Second one is to tell our food habits are directly proportional to the way that we think.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Third one, the food routine that we have sums up to how energized we are throughout the day, like from a sumptuous breakfast to a very humble dinner.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: That's going to dictate how your lifestyle is going to be in the years going forward, then the most important thing is how cooking is the best form of meditation that I've ever encountered. That's because if you lose your concentration for even a split second during the process of cooking, you might end up redoing whatever you did from the beginning. One step here or there, it's going to ruin the output. So that's going to make you conscious enough to not think of something else while you're cooking.
Speaker B: Agree?
Speaker A: Did I come up with five points?
Speaker B: Okay, let's keep this for now.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker B: Because we have limitation of time. So given the scenario and the filters that I gave you, why do you think these four points would appeal the audience? And they will resonate with whatever you say.
Speaker A: That is because the youngsters these days don't pay enough attention to health. And what so happen is during the initial years of their work, they tend to take the health for granted until at one point of time when the body machine stops working and it gives up on them. And it's one health hazard that people have to pay attention to. That is one thing. The other thing is that the rate of. I mean, I recently came across in an interview of a cardiologist that the minimum age for heart attack has reduced from early thirties to late twenties, which is a baffling fact. And this is the right audience group which has to be aware of this. The other thing is that people are kind of so inclined towards social media, and I totally believe in social anxiety as a syndrome, and people lack concentration. Recently we have come across telling that the attention span of people have been dropped to less than ten minutes.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: So these are some scientific facts which I'll want to deliver to the audience.
Speaker B: Rumination is a myth, which words, as you said, attention span, place to think. So it's called rumination. Phenomenon of having a thought, a deeply understanding thought. Listen carefully. Is called rumination. That is a myth for millennials.
Speaker A: So true. So true.
Speaker B: Yeah. So thank you for providing these details. So, one final one is, if I have to ask you, what is your purpose of presentation? Does these three points come into that picture?
Speaker A: Yeah, I might probably not inspire people and end up giving yarn. This is. This might probably be the area around which I would like to work.
Speaker B: So let's do a quick analysis. Right now. The reason I have created this scenario is to try to analyze your thought process. How are you going about. So, as I gave you, the audience is the point of focus here, and then that is what. Where you want to improve. So when your audience are in the age group. So let us analyze the situation. So there's an expert on cooking who is coming on stage to deliver a talk, right? So it's obvious that the person, the people that the students that are going to attend are interested in cooking. Can we assume that?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Right. So now let's try to categorize these audience. People who are interested in cooking probably might be of various scenarios or they're actively pursuing or something. So first category of students might be someone who are genuinely interested in cooking, but they're not actively engaged. They just want to hear what you have to say about various aspects of cooking and so on and so forth. And these people are in an age group where they're in a dilemma to take a complete profession or not. So, first set of crowd would be someone who are in the normal phase, just to understand. Second set of crowd would be someone who are already engaged in various aspect of cooking, and they want to explore new opportunities in terms of profession or in terms of studying, in terms of research. Right. So these can be a second set of crowd, third set of crowd who are already actively pursuing cooking, and they are looking some sort of validation for what they are doing. So most often what happens is that if you are pursuing something that is out of the ordinary, and then you're going, well, but some sort of an validation from an expert would instill motivation in that particular person, and they do come for that. Right. And then fourth crowd would be someone who came just for networking. They might want to hear what you have to say, and then they want a similar talk in their particular sessions or something of that. But it can be anything.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker B: Right. So, briefly now, based upon my educated guess, I created four categories. So to these four categories, does the four points that you have illustrated about survival skills, generous specific food habits, and proteins and cooking as meditation directly resonate, or is it something else that you need to actually deliver.
Speaker A: This might probably cater only to the fourth set of audience that you are talking about who don't require any validation, or who have no basic understanding of what cooking as a profession is.
Speaker B: So now the rest of the three audience would be little bit disconnected with.
Speaker A: Correct.
Speaker B: And this is where the gap might arise. So when we are able to concentrate more upon our audience, have a deeper understanding about what their expectation is rather than what we possess or what knowledge do we possess, then it strikes a balance and then we will be able to narrow down or curate our content much better. Okay, so this is one way in which thought process works.
Speaker A: Understood.
Speaker B: It also needs some active knowledge base to be developed that is secondary, but thought process. When we say about structure and preparation, this is the basic sense of what I wanted to give you.
Speaker A: Okay, understood.
Speaker B: So I'll be forwarding you two documents to refer.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: One is called mind map, which is a tool. And then second one is talks about seven components of thought flow.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay. These two documents are good enough to have you about structure, filtration, and then how to assess your audience and everything. So go through them, analyze them, associate them the learnings with a particular topic, let's say cooking, or anything that interests you, try to have an analysis and then we'll discuss upon the same in our next conversation in depth.
Speaker A: Understood? Okay.
Speaker B: Okay. Before we conclude, I just want to clarify few things. Is have you booked all the eight sessions in advance?
Speaker A: Not yet.
Speaker B: Would you please do that? I mean, now that the dates have been finalized to 6th month, the first week of month. So before that I want you to book eight sessions so you can book one call per week or two calls per week also. So just book it in advance and then keep it, if at all there is any emergency from your side. On my end, we'll just keep, you know, informing each other prior so that we can reschedule the calls on this.
Speaker A: Understood? Okay, yeah, I'll do that.
Speaker B: That would be great. So if you have any difficulty, please, please let me know. You can text me or email me, I'll reply to that appropriately.
Speaker A: I'll do that. I'll probably book all the sessions by tomorrow.
Speaker B: So two calls maximum two calls per week or minimum one call per week.
Speaker A: Okay, great.
Speaker B: So this pretty much that I wanted to talk about for now, as this is an initial session, I just want to have a pre assessment. So is there any clarifications that you want me to, you know, get done with or any further questions regarding the whole program you can ask?
Speaker A: I just wanted to know what are the aspects that you'll be focusing on for the session? I understand it's a business communication session, but any key areas or target areas that.
Speaker B: So based upon the interactions that we had, I cannot say about the body language right now because I haven't seen you. But key areas that the initial sessions that we'll be focusing on is thinking. Thinking can change a lot of areas that we are trying to focus. So, as you said, structure is where we'll start off with thinking. Right. And then from structure, we'll go on to. Once we are done with thinking, we'll move on to the articulation aspect. How well are you able to articulate your thoughts into words? Includes writing aspect as well as speaking aspect. Both.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So through writing, we try to understand how you frame your sentences. What are the choice of words that you try to put relevant to the context as well as. Is there any creativity associated while crafting your sentences? And eventually a little bit of grammar check. Because grammar is something that we take it for granted, but it can influence a lot of credibility.
Speaker A: I understand. Yeah.
Speaker B: So that is something that we'll check. And finally, about the execution part, the which involves presence aspect, it includes intonation as well as body language. Body language is about your expressions, hand gestures and then posture. And intonation mostly relates to the pace, the voice regulations if you are doing anything, or the word stress that you need to do. So, whether you're able to strike a balance and then complement each other. Okay, so these are the key areas that we'll be focusing on throughout our coaching sessions.
Speaker A: Sure. Understood.
Speaker B: So, as is the customized coaching program, I would like encourage you to give feedback or challenge the learnings that we are going through to make it as a win win situation for both of us rather than one way. So that becomes interesting for both of us.
Speaker A: Yeah. Done. Let's take it back.
Speaker B: Thank you. So that's all for today. Looking forward for our future sessions. It was great talking to you. Hopefully get that camera fixed so that the video calls.
Speaker A: I'll go to the it team immediately and get that checked.
Speaker B: That would be. Thank you. Thank you for your time, Shivgami. Have a nice day.
Speaker A: Thanks, Deepak. Have a nice day. Bye.
