Speaker A: Deliver right now. So I thought that I just try to make it for next session. It will be better to have good rather than just ok, ok. Time.
Speaker B: Sorry, I didn't understand.
Speaker A: I mean that I wanted to be prepared much more so it will be not like just it goes off. It will be much better than it should be on the above that level that I'm learning to it rather than.
Speaker B: It goes that you are yearning for.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Just okay. Type. But for this session, I will definitely tell you what I'm going to, what the topic that I'm going to select and what that point I will cover it and how I will elaborate it. Right.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: So that session can at least you will get a briefing of uh, what the context of the topic so we.
Speaker B: Can discuss around the structure what elements we can add. Yeah, definitely.
Speaker A: Yeah. Even, even if you, if I get some idea from your side, I will add in this. Right. That will be a definitely a good aspect. I think so. It will be good aspect.
Speaker B: That's good. So I had actually planned presentation. I thought we'll discuss about structure about the content that you have developed in this course. So it's well aligned.
Speaker A: Yeah. Those first thing is like I as in working time period, you met lot of persons, working persons, so. In which they face about work life balance. So the topic that I selected is work life balance.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: Right. And the point that I'm making is this is pretty much important for every employee to be balanced in, in his or her life with the work. That is not the aspect which is really demanding work, which is as everyone wants to be a multitasking. Right. And want to deliver much more what the capability that he or she have to in order to deliver it. He invests more time on work. Right. Which ultimately lost his or her pleasure in his life or her life. So that was the topic that I have selected, that work life balance will be the topic. And what I'm going to discuss in this is context like how is the work life balance? Right. And what it.
Speaker B: How is the work life balance? What do you mean by that?
Speaker A: It is basically a concept which, which defines how you balance your work versus the life.
Speaker B: So what does work life balance exist, sir?
Speaker A: Actually it does not exist, but most of them are trying to exist it. They try to balance it in their own manner. Every individual has his own aspect to do it.
Speaker B: And so what do you call that aspect? You're saying it is an aspect like India has its own aspect.
Speaker A: What do you call that the work life balance aspects involve what you want what? Your career aspects, goals and objectives, right. That you have to set up initially. You have to set up. You have to privatize it. You cannot achieve it anything by taking shortcuts. You have to be patient.
Speaker B: Okay?
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: Second thing, you have to be patient. First thing, you have to be patient. Second thing, which I tell you, there will be like, there will be a control of yourself. You have to be controlled that your inner core to be controlled by user rather than anything anyone other.
Speaker B: So can you give me an example?
Speaker A: Suppose that most of the time, any senior authority person says you have to do this work, right? And without thinking about it, whether this work, I can deliver it or will it take more time by going this process of completion, by completing this work, whether I am able to give time to my family or friends or other aspects, which is other than work, then. Then it create a problem. So you have to tell me this.
Speaker B: So as I said, it is the balance between workload, family, your own, let's say your own personal time, right? So how would an individual know what priority to give?
Speaker A: Okay. Priority. It's completely a once call. It's our. It's our. Totally our. How so?
Speaker B: Would you say someone who says, I don't really need family time? Is he wrong? Is it right? I don't really need family time. They're like just on the weekends. It's okay. I just need to work. I love working all the time.
Speaker A: So the thing comes here. The dilemma comes in. If someone wants to work more and someone wants to spend time more with his family, or then that there will be a contradiction in it.
Speaker B: So what is the element that we are missing in the whole presentation? What do you think?
Speaker A: The point is? If someone have a capability to deliver it, right? We have to understand it initially, the manager or the senior authority has to understand it what the requirement of that person is. He also needs to define his what, their what? His or her leaving plan. Leave plan is all about how he is going to take leaves, right?
Speaker B: So does the manager know or as you said, you should take control?
Speaker A: Sir, control is ours. Control. How to do any particular. How to do any particular work that should be, by my way, not the highway. Not just.
Speaker B: Highway. Yes, sir. We don't really know. Always have the freedom to do that. For example, so if in Vyakta, let's say there's a last minute, we get instead of 20 participants, we get 40 participants. All right? Last minute. That's what the HR says. No, no, 20 more are there now. I had planned weekend these participant day. I've completed the work. A pre assessment is also over. And by Saturday I get to know, okay, there are 20 more participants and we have the workshop by Tuesday. So I might have to work the weekend. So where. What about that? In a situation like this? What, what can we say?
Speaker A: Uh, we have to see how many of them can do it first.
Speaker B: Let's say we have three people. I can still divide it between six to six, six to five, between three coaches. Then.
Speaker A: Six to three that you have divided. Again.
Speaker B: One call takes 30 minutes.
Speaker A: One call takes 30 minutes. Now it's demanding to you as well. Again, it comes to be a imbalance kind of thing.
Speaker B: Yeah. So what we are saying is. So as one thing that is said, it's all about priorities. Right. And with the priorities, the word that I think that we are trying to search is called trade off.
Speaker A: Yeah, trade off.
Speaker B: Right. So an example that I always use and I'm really affected by is the example of Indira Noi. Have you know her? Do you know Indira noi? She. She was the CEO of Pepsico. Right. So there was an article, I have to remind. I don't think I still have the link for the article, which she. There was an interview where she said, yes, I had. I was very lucky to have husband that would always support me. All right. But she tells me of an incident. So there's a reason. I'm telling you this incident. I will come to that later. So that's a. She goes home and she just got the position of the CEO, right? She goes home and her grand. Her mother, our mother or mother in law was sitting at. She was late. Okay. Today she was late coming to her. She said, kay, we don't have milk at home because something important to you. I don't care. You go and get the milk at home. We don't have milk. She was frustrated, but she went out, got milk and slammed it on the table. I just became the CEO. And this is what you're telling me, right? I just become CEO of a company. You're telling me to go and get milk. Okay. Don't bring your designation at home.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Right now. Right now you are a wife. The same way someone would be a father. He might be a CEO over there, but at home he's a father to his kids. He needs to take care of them. So that is the balance. And in that he also states. She also states that there are a lot of moments where she was working and the company gave her a cradle. So kids are just playing in her room itself. I got all of this. But the trade off is I was not able to spend much time with my kids. So there's no perfect solution to it. If you want to recognize you want to become the CEO, this is your trade off. It's not possible. Time spent. CEO time spend Nikki up. See you. Many of you. The reason I use an example is that you could immediately relate to it. So there are a lot of dilemmas in this topic.
Speaker A: A lot of dilemmas are there. I went, heard a lot of constantly.
Speaker B: Asking you questions was fixed. Kujni Vata Paw guest but that is the beauty of it. That is the beauty of it.
Speaker A: That is the beauty of it. Yeah.
Speaker B: Priority Merakhana that is your balance. So try and research on examples like these, all the great CEO's. Try Steve Jobs. Right. Steve Jobs. Come dedicate. Yeah.
Speaker A: Come.
Speaker B: Right. At least life related example. But that's. I like a simplicity. You don't rejected an appraisal of more than one or two crores. But like I don't need the money. He rejected the appraisal.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I really don't need it. That's what he said. So when do we say no? Is another question. Yes. If you want to take control, when do you say no? Right. So how do you set your boundaries is very important in a work life balance.
Speaker A: Yes. Right.
Speaker B: So I for example, had a few participants from Delaware, right. They work till 12:00 in the night. The whole day. She did not find time. She pinged me at 830. You can give a call right now. And I remember I knew she was not able to come to the one or two calls, right. But she was a dedicated participant. I knew time pass Nikkar she really doesn't have time. So I didn't look. Okay. Right. Come. You know, I just kept my laptop, everything and I was having my meals. I enjoy, I completed my meal. Okay, let's have the conversation now. Right. So it was out of my time, but I had to do it. That was my job because that is what I gave.
Speaker A: Yeah. Point is, in work life balance you have to be flexible also, rather than fixing yourself, you have to be adjustable and flexible according to the situation and scenario that occurs in day to day life. Once whatever we feels right now, it may not feel day after tomorrow. So that that passion may be there for today, may not be there for tomorrow. So we have to be adjustable how to adjust it. Things are there. That is pretty complicated in work life balance.
Speaker B: So try to research at least four to char separate article. Right. And try and make sure that you keep noting down the points. Three things to remember when creating a love like balance. Or four important things. Five important things. Twelve important things sublig. Then you see a pattern. Right. You see a pattern. You have examples from other. When you're reading these articles. That way you will be able to create a structure. Abhi khaar. Yes. You're putting your point forward. Why we are not able to do it effectively. That was the reason I was asking questions. I wanted to hit roadblocks. Right. Good blocks. If you back up, everything was perfect. Control, boundaries, set. Karo upkeep, priority, set. But back it up with examples. And use the word. The words use karna. So find the specific words for it. Right. And you say you want to give an excellent presentation. Right. Don't say I want to give a good presentation. Okay. Okay. So these are still a lazy words, as we discussed, pratish had discussed, right. Lazy word is unique. You want to give an excellent presentation. Right. What you don't want to give is a mediocre one. Right. I don't want my presentation to be mediocre. I want it to reach a level, at least which I have planned for myself. And that is the time you're getting first draft message. We might use lazy words, but a word lexico. Jasa, bulata, pratistan. Try to seek out those words. Trying to find specific words. Also, when you're looking at articles, you'll find a lot of words. And then let's discuss the structure in the next call. Then what else? What else you had planned.
Speaker A: Plan. Tomorrow will be the Saturday. I will enjoy it with my friends. I am going. Yeah.
Speaker B: Have your balance.
Speaker A: That is the main balance aspect.
Speaker B: Also what I can do is I can give you a few, um. Let me see. Agarwe typical sk related TED talk. Hair my pass. Right. About structure. Or I will see what. What talks I have sent to over to you. And there's a particular one which talks about the secrets of Ted. Right. Or Ted speakers. Something like that.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So that would be really nice. Explain Karthi ha. Ted secret to public speaking. Kirk, we always see Ted, I mean, welly well structured. With examples.
Speaker A: With example. Yeah.
Speaker B: How do they do it? Right. So it's a very interesting way of listening to that. I'll send you over that Ted talk as well, and then do your research. That will really help make sense.
Speaker A: Yeah, makes sense.
Speaker B: That's okay. Work on it. Right. If I can find the intern, we send it.
Speaker A: If you find any other topic that we can discuss it as a common then I can take it that also maybe I'm today I'm booking next call by Monday or Tuesday. So maybe Wednesday next week. Definitely two calls or one call will be there as immediate as possible. One thing or if you have next opinion to me that I will take this topic as to elaborate it, to explain it, then I will take it as the next option.
Speaker B: Sorry, I didn't catch that last sentence.
Speaker A: Kabula, if you have any other opinion in terms of topic that we can discuss over it and you just give me and the next. Next session we can discuss on that topic also.
Speaker B: So that's how structure of a presentation banana it is can be something really good, right? Both excellent. Drag workshop. Workshop. Presentation is given, right. It will also.
Speaker A: I thought I. After the pratistha presentation and training module, I thought that I will definitely make one topic which not. Not we can discuss over it, but also it will be a presentation part as at the end, we have to present one presentation of at least ten minutes. So maybe I'm thinking, thinking like that I can give presentation on this. Because this is the basic. Basic or the most difficult question that it is in life that how to balance work life.
Speaker B: So exactly the topic. That is why I put some questions which were started your mind thinking found the interview. So find similar ones like these, right? And when you use compelling examples from people who have been at heights, right? So it will be really nice.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Okay.
Speaker B: So these are things like that. So search karoge. So that one is reading. Second is usage of words, right. We are able to get words. You will create a structure which is compelling using more examples, right. And presentation skills we practice. Everything is getting in hand here. All right. Just read. If you just read. Just. If you just read four to five articles, jubi achalagi note Kirk, copy paste Kirk. And that will create a structure really good, right? So if you have the time, I would encourage presentation in Banau. Next time you can first presentation. Then we discuss how we can make it better.
Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Maybe Wednesday. I'm. I have to look your schedule also. First of all. Then I will book it.
Speaker B: That'll be good.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: It'S a good topic.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Bye bye. Have a good weekend.
Speaker A: Thank you. Same to you. And.
