Speaker A: Hello.
Speaker B: Hi, Deepak.
Speaker A: How are you?
Speaker B: Good. How are you doing?
Speaker A: I'm doing great.
Speaker B: Good. Sorry.
Speaker A: Once again, traveling darkness today. I mean, the video is on. Taking the light.
Speaker B: I think this. I'm sitting opposite to the light. Okay, I hope now it's fine.
Speaker A: Yes, much better. Okay.
Speaker B: How are you?
Speaker A: Same thing, same old going on.
Speaker B: Same old. That's good.
Speaker A: Yeah. So what, uh. Did you receive the report? Right, so any.
Speaker B: Yeah, I've gone through it.
Speaker A: Clarifications in that regard?
Speaker B: No, not as such. I think more or less, I feel the report is fine. I. I do feel the same changes I required, which is mentioned. Which was mentioned in the report. So I have to work. So basically, as I told you so many times, I have to work on my confidence, basically. So I feel I mistake. That's why I'm lacking the confidence. I think once you have a confidence, know, even you say wrong things, but you say with the confidence that other person could not catch it. Kind of that thing.
Speaker A: But you don't make mistakes often, as you said, when you speak naturally.
Speaker B: Really? That's good.
Speaker A: So that is my application.
Speaker B: I read that. So, like, seriously? Okay, that's good.
Speaker A: So when you speak naturally in a flow, like, it's completely something that you're not prepared for. Like adapting. Someone asks you something, you can talk and then you can manage the situation, but something that you're conscious and then you are preparing something. That's when you become more conscious about your inhibitions.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's. That's there.
Speaker A: So that is something that we can work on. So you can apply your strengths from there to here.
Speaker B: Thank you. Yeah.
Speaker A: So we'll do that today itself. We'll try to see what. What sort of mindset do you carry when you are actually preparing and then how would you execute it in a brief manner. Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So, as you said in the last session, I know that, you know, mind map is something that you felt boring. So.
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker A: Let's do a mind map and the initial document. Right. So let's.
Speaker B: Very boring, not little boring.
Speaker A: Okay. Let's perform it through an activity or something. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Good. So I want you to quickly give me a topic of discussion.
Speaker B: That's very hard, but I don't know what topic should we discuss? Whenever you ask me to write something on the topic, like particular topic, I'm not sure what to choose. Particular liking. See, I'm very neutral to everything. Huh? This is fine. That is fine for me. So I'm not sure what topic, any topic will do for me.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: See.
Speaker A: I'm locating something that you and I are familiar with. Food.
Speaker B: Yeah, we'll do. See, I told you any topic. I'm fine. What we'll do?
Speaker A: Technology. Are you interested in technology?
Speaker B: No, please. No. Food is fine.
Speaker A: I remember you saying you're fine with any topic. Why not technology, you see, I'm fine.
Speaker B: But then the inputs. If you wanted from my side that would be very less. It is food. I can give my inputs technology. You won't believe. I haven't ever shopped online. Not even a single item. I never use credit card. So all this I stay back only. It's not about comfortable. It's like I don't want to use online shopping or online sites. I didn't do.
Speaker A: So old school.
Speaker B: Very old phone. No, I'm okay. I don't require any WhatsApp, Facebook. So I gives me. I don't change my phone. So you can understand. I am not into technology.
Speaker A: What do you do on holidays?
Speaker B: See, for holidays we go out. Go like weekend. If you're talking about weekends. So weekends we go out. Basically we love movies. So whatever movie comes in the English, Punjabi. Because we understand Punjabi as well. So Punjabi. Even the flop movies, nice movies. Any movies can go for that. Movies that we do. We go out for dinner. We eat a lot out. So weekends, all these two or three days we eat out. Then we meet friends. We have a lot of friends from our college who also got settled in Dubai. So we go meet them. We overstay each other's place. So all these kind of things we do on weekends. And when it comes to vacation, then again we have a big circle in India as well here. So we try to go one of. One of the country. Like every year we try to explore one of the foreign country plus one city or one state within the country as well. India. So we love to go on holidays. That is our best time. And then I have a daughter. She's two years old. So half of the time goes with her only. So this is how we can go fast or nice.
Speaker A: So that's quite a lot of information. So from these things that you have shared, you have quite an interesting life. Nice. At least you are making your life worth. Good.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Nice to hear that. Yeah.
Speaker B: No, actually I make sure I have every time for everything. So when I go home, it's around 630. I reach. So as soon as I go home, my daughter, she's standing on door. Let's go out, mama. So I just changed quickly. We go out, I take her out to garda and all baby down just to roam around. So we come back after one or 2 hours depend when she gets tired. So we come back, I just feed her, make her bar, then she goes to sleep. Then, then is a time when I usually check my WhatsApp facebook maybe for half an hour. Then I go to sleep. Morning, my daughter wakes up before me. So as soon as she wakes up she start knocking my door. Mama, please open the door. So then I'll play with her for half an hour or something. So I try to spend with weekdays with my daughter because weekend sometimes we don't take her out with us because maybe some we are going maybe for party or something. So usually we don't take her out. So I try to spend the time with her. So this, I guess somehow I balanced my day or my time with my daughter, husband, other family members and friends. So I guess I'm good in that.
Speaker A: Managing situations or managing.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. See I make sure I leave my office 05:00 exactly. Not even 1 minute before extra I spend in office. Like everyone is like, yeah, yeah, you're going 05:00 but it's fine. So I was that 05:00 means 05:00 work is to tomorrow.
Speaker A: Okay. How I am made, let's say uh, I have to give you scenario then it will be easier for you to imagine.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. Do you like organizing cultural events as a teenager or something?
Speaker B: Did you ever like see here, basically our team is very small. We are only 35 people.
Speaker A: No, not yet in your graduation or somewhere.
Speaker B: Cultural event as such. Yeah. Like that is very small. Like if it's navratri we just arrange for that garba. If, if it's Diwali, we are in very small Diwali party kind of thing. So it's not a very huge scale within a college. Like if I talk about college, we were having a different department. So within departments we used to arrange few things but not on very large scale. So there also as well we were having a. Within a college there was a committee who was in charge for all that kind of activities. So they just take student. It's not that student was arranging. That committee was arranging students just have to participate in case they require any additional help. Like they usually nominate people. Okay, you have to come and do this. You have to come and do that. So it's not our ownership of doing all that things. So it was a.
Speaker A: Students don't manage the whole.
Speaker B: No. In our college where I was, students were not managing. Students were required when they wanted us to help. But there was a committee. They used to do everything for funding from arranging who will come, who will not come, department, all kind of activities.
Speaker A: Who are these committee members, if I may ask?
Speaker B: Actually there was HoD, like I was in BHC, so there was a, I think HoD was there. There was two people especially just for the community development. There was a, I think there was two people for committee community development and something was there. They used to do this CSR initiative kind of thing. Small to my activity, plantation or go to orphanage or take us to orphanage or maybe cleaning up some particular area, picking up the garbages and all. So these were the people who were participating. Like there were two people from there. Plus if I'm not mistaken, I think one person from each class maybe monitor or something, I don't know. Teacher used to nominate maybe a very small intelligent person from the classroom. There was one person from one each class as well. So I think this, this much people only. And then they used to take help if they require otherwise, I think every year they used to repeat the same program so they know what to do, basically. So it's a repeated, like if it's navrati, they'll arrange karba. So they know from way to arrange the sound system, from way to arrange other decorative items. So I think that was fixed. So that's the thing. Apart from have done like all these mothma activities like visiting the orphanages or visiting the nursery because we were in BHSE home science. So we were having one subject called psychology. So in that we supposed to visit once in a week to a nursery. So we were having a nursery near to our place to go there. We have to conduct program for the kids. So that we used to do in a batch. So in a class we, I think we were divided into five or six in a batch. So we used to conduct the programs for the kids. So there we have to prepare a rhyme for them. That is, that has to be new rhyme. That has to be done by us. There should be a rhyme. There should be a thing for what activity we are doing. Plus then apart from Ryan, we have to arrange for some snacks as well that we have to prepare so that we have to do then some kind.
Speaker A: Of prepare or buy.
Speaker B: No, we have to prepare. We have. So it has, it's just a small bite. So any, it could be anything. So we were having a subject called nutrition and dietitian. So that was a part of that. So we have to arrange something very nutritive or with a lot of vitamins and all proteins and all so go.
Speaker A: There for few days and then you're giving them healthy food. Why not taste the food?
Speaker B: But I think we used to make it look good as well. So I think they were happy eating. However, we were getting lot of value to the food because then it won't look good or it won't taste that good. So, like in cookies, we used to put dry fruit or something. Okay. Dry fruit is there. So it becomes healthy, kind of that thing.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker B: So I think that kind of things we have done and once we have done there, we were having one more subject called interiors. So I think in third year, so we were again, the class was divided into batches. In each batch, there was around six to seven students. So we supposed to. There was a one flat within the campus. We were having a one flat for that activity. So we supposed to decorate that full flat. That is MD. So from the waist, we supposed to decorate everything. We have to give a theme to that flat and we have to go and for seven days. So in seven days, all the faculty and plus other students, everyone will come and visit there and give you a grading. So that was a part of our ething exam as well. So we used to get rating on that. So for seven days before, like, we used to get one month before. So in one month, we have to prepare everything. We get two days to put everything in that flat. We have to stay for seven days there. We have to go.
Speaker A: Can you just take me through this process? How does it start?
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker A: So, regarding this flat thingy that you said, how does it start? I mean, what do you have to do there?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Basically more in detail, as I told you.
Speaker B: Okay. That is a part, uh, that is a project, basically, which falls under interior. Interior is one of our subject. So I think in here, as I told you again, I'm repeating the same thing later. The class, we divided that whatever the professor has divided into batches, and each batch will be around four to six, five students. So we have to submit everything in advance. So we have to prepare our theme. What would be the theme? So, like, we have prepared glisten. So glisten talks about shine, light, enthusiasm. So that was our thing. So everything what we have to decorate in that flat. So basic things were there, like sofa bed, everything was there. So the things which are missing, maybe, uh, decorative things, curtains, maybe the mats and all that we have to prepare. So basically what we have done. So the. There was a door. So we have to put something on the door as well. So starting from the door, we have to decorate everything. So out of that, uh, that. Rice rags. No, you know, rice.
Speaker A: Rice, right.
Speaker B: Huh. So for that we have died. Then we have a, then we have stitched that and made a curtain from the tires. We have made the tables and the sofas. So we have just put one tile on another. Then we have colored it and then put a pution on that. So how, that's how we have made maybe sofas and the glasses. Then I think we have done a lot of things.
Speaker A: Sorry, doubt, sorry to interrupt your flow. So this particular design aspects, whatever you're making there out of this curtains or the tire and whatever it is. So this should be submitted prior in the design aspect.
Speaker B: No, no, no, we don't have to. We have to submit a subject prior that what we are planning. That's it.
Speaker A: Execution. You're free to, you know, innovate and then reframe everything.
Speaker B: Yeah, that was up to us.
Speaker A: And the machinery supplied by. Sorry, where did you get the material from?
Speaker B: No, that we have to do everything we have to do. We have to decide our own cost. The cost is ours. We have to decide. That's right. So we have to use limit on.
Speaker A: The cost aspect also.
Speaker B: No, no, no. But we have to submit everything. So when we are, when we are planning. So we have to tell, okay, this is our thing, but once we are, we have to submit. Okay, this is how we have done. From where we have procured the material, where we have used our money, where we have borrowed from somewhere. So how this is how the things work. So basically, in low cost, how good you can decorate a place. So basically, basically that was the theme. And then theme, like it should be related theme. It's not that I have given a theme something else. And then the decoration seems to be very different from the theme. Plus it should look good. It's not that if I'm using a waste material, so it looks haywire. So it has to be a good, it looks good. So we have to stay there for seven days. So everyone, even your parents, your friends parents, even your colleagues from other, like other stream colleagues, they will come visit and then they'll give a greetings. So every grading was recorded. So on that basis we used to get marks. So first, your theme should be good. Second, how low cost or how good out of waste you have made. Third is the grading from the students and from the teachers. So that's how it works. We have to stay there for seven days. It's not that. Okay, you have made, but how you will manage your home. So we have to stay there. We have to cook even if some guests will come. So then again, it was a part of our activity. Every evening, few guests will come to your place where we were staying there for seven days. So few teachers will come. We have to treat them as a guest. We have to cook for them. We have to serve them. So it was like that.
Speaker A: Oh, interesting.
Speaker B: It was very interesting.
Speaker A: There's a lot of project management activities in a very efficient way.
Speaker B: Yeah. Because I think our stream was like that, only BHC. So kind of that activity. But it was good. It was better than I think, arts. I seen people in arts as well, but I feel BHS is better because people having psychology, that. That was really good. Child psychology. We were having. We were having physics as well. We were having chemistry as well. We were having biology as well.
Speaker A: Plus, can you just time out the time? We are on a time role. So you seem very excited. That's why I didn't want to.
Speaker B: My God. Very excited.
Speaker A: Now I'll check your excitement with different subject altogether.
Speaker B: Let's see.
Speaker A: Okay, so it would be a difficult one, movies.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. So I just wanted to. So this is, this would be just normal conversation. Now I'm trying to explore your thoughts, process, how it is. So we'll just have a normal talk. Movies as such, did you ever try to compare things of the cultural impact of movies, especially on the society?
Speaker B: No, no, no, no. See, I just go for movie, see the movie, come back. If someone will ask me the feedback. Someone will not ask me the feedback. But then to the friends I'll see. This is a nice movie you should go and watch. But I haven't ever compared. Okay. This movie may impact society in this way or this movie. Like maybe the kids should watch this movie. It's very good for them to see. So that kind of activity or that kind of thought process I don't have or I don't do maybe like I just hope because my purpose is just to go enjoy and come back. I just want to spend my weekend nicely. So I just went. But I never thought, okay, this movie would have.
Speaker A: When you were watching any movie, did you feel like some.
Speaker B: However personally it may. Yeah, however personally it may impact me, but then I don't give that. Okay, you should watch this movie. It's good. But however personally it may impact, there's a lot of movies back nowadays you will see a lot of movie on.
Speaker A: So can you give me some few movies that impacted you? Oh, that stand out. And then whenever you feel that you feel really good about seeing that movie. Or thinking about that particular see, actually.
Speaker B: Say if we talk about impact, okay, I seen this movie I really like. I may. I. Sometimes I take few things out of that movie. But then it stays for a few days. After that, it's gone because I'm back to the normal. Then again, I see another movie. Okay, something I take from that movie. I may apply that for one or two or three days. But then again, it goes, that's how I am. Like. Or maybe all the human beings. Because doesn't see a till next movie example.
Speaker A: Sorry, can you give me any movie examples?
Speaker B: I'll tell you. See, I usually don't. I'm the person who will not call and speak to anyone. So I am very boring person. Until someone will call me, I will not call. It's not that I don't like calling them. Or I'm the person is like, okay, let him call if you want to speak to me. Very lazy. Basically. So I will not call my family. Also. So I'm very lazy person. Someone will call me. I'll speak to them. So recently, there was a movie called Chichori.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Then about college life, your friends and all. So I remember after that, there was Friday. I've seen that movie on Thursday. Friday, I call everyone like, okay, I'll call this person. I'll call that person. So it's not about an impairment. And it shows like your friends are very important. You have to call how you stay connected. All about that. So it was all about friends. So I think after a long time, I've called them and everyone was strong. Ruchi, why did you call us? Like, is there something special or something like that? Even on birthdays, I just messaged them. Okay. Wish you a very happy birthday. I'm very lazy person that side. So that day, I think I've called them. And regarding other things, I'm not sure what other I have done. But this was recent movie. I think one month back, I've seen this movie.
Speaker A: Any other movie of example that you can give me?
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker A: So any movie that stood out since your childhood that you feel excited to watch it over and over again? Like what is the maximum number of times you watched any movie?
Speaker B: Maybe I've seen Shalukan movies number of times. I've seen, I think, four to five times. I think more than that, I'm not sure. The count Ham satsa. I've seen a lot of time. I think I like that drama. Like family drama kind of movies. I think I have seen that. But then when it comes to suspense or movie with a very social message. I usually don't like to watch them more than one or two times, because then the impact and the feeling goes like every time you watch, it goes down. Because the impact when you see it first time is very huge, and you see second time, it's almost okay. I know what's going to be and how the scenes will be. I think the family drama, because it's very light, you can watch. You can watch again and again.
Speaker A: So I think I have one small activity through this thing. Give me, give me three, your top three favorite movies like Shahrukh, Dilwale, Durani, Jayenga, and.
Speaker B: Okay, top three.
Speaker A: Something that you have watched many times. Right. That movie. I want any three movies that you have watched more than five times.
Speaker B: Okay, one more thing. I don't watch tv. So movies I. Earlier I used to, but that, that's what I have to think. Which movie I've seen so many times.
Speaker A: People give me this time I need three names.
Speaker B: I've seen lot of time. Ham sat sad. I've seen a lot of time.
Speaker A: One more.
Speaker B: Nayak. Nayak. I have seen a lot of time Nyak. Okay, three, one day.
Speaker A: So the reason why I asked these things is I might have seen these movies, but I don't remember them. It's been quite some time. I watched any sort of movie.
Speaker B: So you will not ask me to write a story?
Speaker A: No, no. I want you to. I want you to give me the storytelling aspect of it. So you have to basically give me the whole movie scene. So when I listen to you, I should be able to visualize these things. This is the task. So here, what do you need to do? It's a three hour movie or a two and a half hour movie. And then the time that we have for this, we'll keep it as 15 minutes. Okay. So in 15 minutes, I want you to take out all the important checkpoints that connect the dots within the movie, and then take out the things that are not necessary. And then we'll see how much are you able to express that movie. And then after the 15 minutes of your presentation about the movie, then I'll summarize about what I understood, then tell me whether whatever you intended was perceived by me directly or not done. The gap between both of us.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker A: How does this activity sound? Fair?
Speaker B: Yeah. Nice. Yeah. Simplicity.
Speaker A: So be careful. You have only 15 minutes. So you have to complete the movie in 15 minutes. So no extra time aspect. So underutilization of 15 minutes is also not desirable. Over utilization is also oh, I thought.
Speaker B: I'll finish in five minutes. Okay.
Speaker A: So that's why I know, I know something of this. So you have to.
Speaker B: So I have to. Okay. I'm not sure. I feel 15 minutes is too much for half hour movie. Because then I have to repeat, I have to say dialogues. Then only it will.
Speaker A: Yeah, you can. So the approach is up to you. So whether you could just explain me the situation or you just give me some core dialogues which support your story or your understanding of the movie. You can give me anything or whatever you felt at that point of time. The approach is up to you. You can be innovative as possible. Only thing is that any, any of.
Speaker B: This one movie, right? Or you want all three?
Speaker A: No, no.
Speaker B: Thank God.
Speaker A: Okay, so what movie would that be?
Speaker B: You will see next session.
Speaker A: That is surprise for me.
Speaker B: Visualize that.
Speaker A: In next session, I won't look through these movies. Then I'll try to wait for the suspense. We'll go through it. We'll record these things. And then we'll try how you're able to take it out.
Speaker B: And then you go and watch the movie. And then you will see how we'll.
Speaker A: Extract the aspects of mind map and the thought process through this analogy. I hope it be fun.
Speaker B: I hope. But 50 minutes. I still feel it's too much, but then I'll try. Okay. I have to write and give it to you. I have to speak on this. I have to. I have to speak.
Speaker A: You don't have to write because writing, if you want to, you can write. So that is an open option for you.
Speaker B: No, it's okay. I'll just speak.
Speaker A: Yeah, speak on it. So prepare yourself how you are going to convey it to me.
Speaker B: Done.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: 15 minutes. Okay. Done.
Speaker A: So here, uh, if you want, you can please go refer the mind maps and then to get an access if you are interested. And the. And here, dialogues only need to be in Hindi. Rest of all, it should be English.
Speaker B: In English.
Speaker A: So see how you are.
Speaker B: That it would sound funny. I should avoid the dialogue. Yeah, it will sound funny.
Speaker A: It's fine. It's fine. Whenever dialogues come, the sound funny means.
Speaker B: Maybe the way the hero or the heroine might have said that it would be different. What I will say, you can give.
Speaker A: It with your own acting skills. That's fine.
Speaker B: That's very poor.
Speaker A: That is also a part of thing. Okay, so this is the one thing that I want you to convey. And second, the one I was saying. Yeah. About the intonation part intonation part. Intonation. Okay. So here, uh, thing is that whenever you speak, right? Uh, you. When a threshold point reaches and then you get quite comfortable with the flow, the pace increases.
Speaker B: No, actually, actually even. I think normally, also even in Hindi I basically, uh, from north to dhyana. So I think North Indians anyhow, they speak very fast. I've tried to like, okay, I'll go by to speak slow and with calm. But then after, like I start with okay, I'll start speaking very slow. After a few words. After a few lines. No, that comes naturally. That's in with. That's with me. So very fast. I don't know. I can't help it. I've tried a lot of times. Aliyah, you speak much faster.
Speaker A: Please try to. Oh, you speak much faster. Great.
Speaker B: When we move from Ludhiana like from Punjab to Maharashtra, I think it's been twelve years, 1213 years. I used to speak so fast like everyone is like what she's saying. Then, okay. I thought these people are not understanding me. And I try to speak slow, but still this is the slower I can speak. Like this is a limit. I cannot speak.
Speaker A: Try as slowest. I'm not saying that every time you need to be slow, I want you to regulate that pace. So whenever there is something that you need to tell it with a pace, you go there with. And then somewhere if you feel that it should be lowered down so that it gives the audience some time to comprehend the information, then you need to lower down. Right. So there are highs and lows that you. Where you need to regulate your face. So I want you to be consciously try and apply this particular parameter to the storytelling exercise that you will be narrating for me.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: Try consciously where you can go fast where you can. And then try to see whether you're able to consciously compose yourself.
Speaker B: See, when, as I, as you told, when I speak naturally, you know, that goes like, I start speaking very fast or maybe without any pauses, without any comma, full stop. I just go in one flow. I'll try in that story telling.
Speaker A: So at least try rehearsing it so that you will only realize about where all you are able to pick up lines or where are you able to adapt well and then where all you need to probably improve. So these are aspects you will self realize.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So that can be pretty much helpful to you.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'll try.
Speaker A: Great. So do let me know if you need any sort of guidance towards these things about how you can prepare and everything. So I'll be looking forward to you. So you have almost how much time you have. Yeah, I just want to confirm one thing about 21st slot.
Speaker B: You said you.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So that slot, where can we fix?
Speaker B: Um, 24th.
Speaker A: Cool.
Speaker B: Sunday Shivan in 1015 minutes. I should be fine.
Speaker A: Okay. Anyone? 25th?
Speaker B: Yeah, 25th should be fine.
Speaker A: Can you do one on 18th?
Speaker B: Yeah, it should be fine.
Speaker A: But 18 slots are little tightly packed. So I can give you 330 slot if that is okay with you.
Speaker B: Dubai time?
Speaker A: Yeah, Dubai time. 330, is it?
Speaker B: Yeah, it should be. Yeah, it should be fine. Yes.
Speaker A: So this is the day where we'll be listening to your storytelling.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Okay. So after this we'll do some analysis and then we'll work on it. And then we'll do one more on 25 or 26. Yeah, that is up to you to decide. And then we'll see how there is any significant difference between this thing or not. Okay, so can we decide that additional session also for final analysis on 26th?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's fine.
Speaker A: 26Th, I can give you again the same slot. Wait, 130. Are you available on 26th or shall I make it 330 only?
Speaker B: No one. That also should be fine with me.
Speaker A: Okay, so 130. Uae time on 26th.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. So I'll be sending you invites for the same. Kindly make yourself available. I'm looking forward for your storytelling. I'm not watching the movie. Trusting you. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah. Please don't watch. Otherwise make more.
