Speaker A: Sachin, can you hear me?
Speaker B: Yes. Yes, I can hear you.
Speaker A: Yes. You need to start the video camera. How are you?
Speaker B: I'm fine. How are you?
Speaker A: I have some vacations because of Diwali. So I'm, you know, still.
Speaker B: Yes. Yes. So.
Speaker A: So you. Are you not able to open the zoom link? Right. What was the. Exactly the issue? Is it because of the. You know, I think it might be restricted in the Wi Fi that the Internet that you use. Is that the problem or was it something else?
Speaker B: Internet was there. Internet was there. Actually there was some error which was coming. Actually that time even. Actually that issue we. I faced earlier also.
Speaker A: As Deepak, it also said it might be possible that on the network, asian pains network, the link might not work. Right. If it is restricted.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: It might be restricted. So because of that, you'll have to use a mobile, your mobile data to do that. Or garja kabjabi time.
Speaker B: So that we can check it.
Speaker A: So we always encourage that you book it for whole six, seven weeks. Right? So what happens is if you always plan ahead, for example, 1230 to one your slaughter book, no one else can book it the same ways. You will not get your preferred choice. Every coach will have 30 40 participants that they handle in a week. Right? So you always encourage. So that you like to.
Speaker B: Just like to book a movie ticket.
Speaker A: Exactly. Exactly like a movie ticket. Right. It's free of cost. At least for you. The company is not real. Tell me, how was the workshop?
Speaker B: Workshop? It was a very good workshop. Actually I learned a lot. Each and every member learned so many things from that workshop. Especially the gesture area, the body language, how to behave in a meeting. These are some of the good thing. Actually we noticed in the workshop.
Speaker A: Okay, that's great.
Speaker B: It was very.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I also assume a lot of times after the workshop, our expectations also change on the things that you need to work on. So can you tell me your expectations again? I'm sure you have pre interaction expectation.
Speaker B: My expectation will be some. There should be some more exercise. Kind of thing should be there. So that people should engage more in terms of just like exercise. Not only based on writing or based on their presentation or xYz. There are kind of several things like actually in that area. In that workshop we did presentation one by one. So it can be as a two or three member also can participate. If as a team we have to present, then two to three member can come together and present on behalf of team.
Speaker A: Okay. You wanted more of a group activity.
Speaker B: Can be also be done so that the group, individual, both can be done. Actually, we are having a good sufficient time of two days. When two days time it can be done.
Speaker A: Yeah. The content, the workshop content is sometimes changed as per the requirement of the batch, right? That is why we have the pre interaction and we plan out our activities. So who had come for your workshop?
Speaker B: Deepak.
Speaker A: Deepak. Deepak might have something in mind due to which he, instead of focusing more on group, you might have taken individual. There must be some reason, right? He would have thoughts that might have seen.
Speaker B: Actually there was some issue also. Firstly, first day, some people were like. I was thinking in first day, some people were late. Just because it also disturbed.
Speaker A: That happens. That is nothing new, right? So actually what I was asking was not feedback. I was asking expectations in terms of yourself during the coaching journey.
Speaker B: Okay. So as far as my feedback was concerned, the feedback which I got from the team as well as from Deepak, also the content part which because I choose the target topic was very interesting actually. So the content part should be something more. So that the audience or the other member should more take interest on the topic. So that was the main thing. Otherwise, body language, other thing first. Okay. There was no issue. Content part was the main thing.
Speaker A: So not just feedback or you say, I want to improve on this. What? Are there anything like that other than creating the content? Creating contents that engages the crowd, that is for sure. Yes. I even noted it down. What else?
Speaker B: Another thing is the confidence level. That is the main thing actually, which each and every person should have if he or her is presenting in terms of audience. So the word should not, you know, hesitate. So that remains the confidence level. It should be maintained throughout the presentation, throughout the session. So that each and every one should understand what you want to say. Otherwise what will happen that you want to convey something else and people are understanding something else. So it will convey a different message to just because of lack of confidence, you will speak something other things. So this happens, actually people does not convey their actual meaning. Because most of the presentation, most of the 99% presentation happens in English. And people just get confused choosing the words actually at that time. So that is the main thing, actually, which even I as well as other need to work. So confidence level. I think as far as I concerned, need to be focused. Because if you are presenting some of the unknown audience, the audience which you know, colleague, your team member, if you're presenting in front of those team members, you will not face so many issues or so many problems that, you know, actually all of them. But if you're presenting in front of unknown persons, then in that case, I think the confidence matters the most, actually, because you are presenting to the unknown person to whom you were to understand them about your thoughts. So I think confidence level, I will have to work on that part.
Speaker A: So what I was thinking or what I was saying was. So let's say you want to build confidence. You want to use better words, use more language. Being more specific in what we are trying to say. You know, imagine karpai. Imagine karpa. I'm sure also Deepak would have said the same. Using more visual language. What are you saying? Should be able. Yeah. The audience should be able to visualize it seamlessly. When that happens, when our language is such, it automatically builds our confidence. So instead of saying confidence, I would say, let's improve on our language so that our confidence is there and that's how we will take it forward. And yes, stage fear hair. So I have a few things that we need to, you know, work through and through with our coaching calls. I will explain in theory, with science, how it is backed up and how it is something very natural. Being anxious before a speed, before a big client meeting is something that natural, that happens to us. And how to cope with it is something that we will take through. And obviously, with the limitation of the coaching call. Major Bataranga practice. Karnak, can you hear me? I think there's a five second delay in the video.
Speaker B: I think it is.
Speaker A: Yeah. Right. So now, because of all of this, I always. My favorite way of starting the coaching courses through storytelling. Now, why? Because even if it's a technical presentation, non technical presentation, storytelling is very important. Now, in a technical presentation, it's more about how to explain technical data with such specific words, such specific flow, so that audience easily understand that. Something like that. Right? So let's start with something very simple. So for the first assignment. Right. Next call me. Is that you have to explain. You have to present about your happiest or your most memorable childhood memory. Very simple. For example, do you recall go the golden circle being explained in the workshop? Golden circle. Jessica workshop.
Speaker B: Golden circle.
Speaker A: Golden circle. Yeah.
Speaker B: Yes, yes.
Speaker A: What was the center? Me, Katha. What was in the center core? Me. Kansa Koshanda. Why? The most important one is why?
Speaker B: Why? How?
Speaker A: Yes. And what? Right, so this. The whole golden circle that you concept here was formulated by someone known as Simon Sinek, right? And I want you to hear the conversation from his. It would be better. So if I try to even. I think Deepak could have explained it why this sequence is very important. Now, when you're telling me your story, ask these three questions. Because happiest childhood memory, you got one prominent story in your head. I want to tell this one. So ask these three questions, right? And subsequently, important one, why so after all these memories, why is this particular memory so important for you? Why is it so significant in your life that you remember happiest, memorable, right? That is the question that first you ask. Then I would.
Speaker B: I would present happiest, happiest, as well as public. Notorious memory.
Speaker A: Even more fun. Sometimes most memorable. You will not believe the reason is like, other than storytelling parts, I get to hear stories from people and sometimes notorious. And other than that, if it's sentimental, I've seen always people telling how their parents made them feel or how their friends made them feel. It was the most recurring, you know, story that comes to me and that's really good. And sometimes even help them to take that story out so that even they can write about it, right? So, same way. How. How did those events happen? Absolute memory. Socio to create a flow, right? A k bhat b k bhat c. And then basically what happened last, don't tell. Why is this, you know, for Palestine, as with why? For example, when I was a kid, I was, for example, I was very notorious, right? So let me tell you of an event where, you know, my parents. Parents were really frustrated with me. Something like that, right? Start. So you can start something like that. Why, how and what a sequence may jana, right? So make sure that you can. Hello.
Speaker B: Yes, yes.
Speaker A: Video pattern upside.
Speaker B: Yes. Hello. Okay.
Speaker A: Video nature. I think there are to come here. So what I was saying was, now, the catch is that you have to send it to me in writing. The reason that you have to write it. And so you can use that before the next call, right? So we will work that on that as a sample, right? Grammatical mistakes. So, the best way to improve on grammar is, rather than learning all the concepts, we focus on what mistakes we are making, what are the errors that we're doing, and we keep correcting them. And then we'll seek. Okay, these are the things that we need to work on, right? So make sure that you send it to me, writing me in a word file, TKLA number one word file. So I can even. I can keep it in my records, right? English key fluency. But if you want to be more fluent in English language, right? Because I think what happens is we keep translating in our head, right? First translate, right? Now, that is something that we really need to work. Because if you want to be more fluent. We have to start thinking in English right now. The activity in English which. But if you do this every day, hundred percent improvement. Do you. The thing is, at the end of the day, how much. How do you go? Is it public transport? Is it activity sector? That's minute parchment in gal. So let's say a girl poacher. You have 510 minutes to yourself. Chai period. Whatever. Whatever time you get at leisure time. I want you to recall your day in English. Okay. It's them. Simple. So Jobi, who are English. May he describe karna pura didn't come. Something as simple as. Okay. I reached office a little late. There were so many mails when I opened my laptop or my pc. Right. So how did that make you feel? Whenever you're trying to describe all that happened in that day in English, we will find some gaps, right? A communication gap. They go, okay, describe. Or how can I describe it better? So for that you will search words. And that is how you will grow your vocabulary. And how as well as you be more and more confident speaking in English. Right. For example, you had a, you know, meeting with your senior. You spoke in Hindi. That's fine. But now let's say if I want to speak in English the next time, what will I say? Remember the words that you said. Okay. How will I translate this into English? Because every day you will be closing your gaps. And that will become more and more fluent in English. But this has to be done daily. Hello.
Speaker B: Thinking power would be in English.
Speaker A: Thinking up sham English. Right. And whenever you're not able to find out. Okay, how do I say this? If you're having difficulty, you can take a take. We can take it up in any training. Like how much go be coaching. We can discuss it. Any coaching call you want to discuss that. We can do it. Right? But that way you'll keep learning new words. Now how do we approach new words? So reading habits make a.
Speaker B: Actually. But male sagara.
Speaker A: Right. So it's give you news in 60 words. Let me open that. So ako news. Smljang allagalab news. 60. 60 words. Millika detail. Sorry. Abscod sh asakta article.
Speaker B: I think I can download some. Some apps. Also english apps.
Speaker A: When they are giving you news in 60 words. Now 60 words is less. When you write that you good in your language. One thing that you're constantly reading. Another thing is that you're reading some languages. Words.
Speaker B: Yes. Yes.
Speaker A: Yeah. So now how do we approach new words? It is similar to koena, mila, machal, Dominica right? What happens is important name as a hojata, right? When we know if you want to do the same thing. Nice to meet you. Let's say he's leaving. It was nice to meet you. The brain registers. Okay. I need to remember this. The same way words make whenever you see a new word. Okay. Words. So immediately Google Kanasa pele. You try to read the whole sentence meaning kahoga, right? That's. That's when mind starts working. Okay. It's coming. Approximate meaning. 70% of the time we will get it somehow. It's approximate meaning as a whole. Right? Then you google it or whatever. This. You want to use a dictionary? Use a dictionary. You use Google as a search engine. Do that. When we see the word and the meaning. Meaning, right? Then write it down. If you. You are a paper and pen person. You write it in paper and pen. Or else I would. I would always recommend mobile. Mail. Mobile. That is much better. That is up on my body. Party og mobile. Right? Bathroom. It's never separated from us. So you can keep those notes. And there are just a Google keep Jasahe application. Google kai hair synchronize online sync device. Write down the word, the meaning and immediately use it in a sentence. Is word co use kirk sentence. Sorry. Right. So revise karu. So it will be easy application.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So jabiyamko time news per nav or shamkova. Thinking in English. That way you'll practice forming sentences speaking in English. And as well as thinking in English. Confidence of Navajo. Already here. We want to make it better. Right? The first assignment.
Speaker B: First assignment will be the happiest public notorious memory of your childhood. And I have to present in a three way. Why, how and what. And before presentation, I'll actually have to mail. Also how it will going to be shared can be removed.
Speaker A: Perfect. Now HubSpot kajabko.
Speaker B: Problem?
Speaker A: I just tried the link.
Speaker B: Okay. I tried it from my mobile actually. Right.
Speaker A: It's very simple. Or Jovi mera. For example, whatever mail I write now.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Ticket or LinkedIn. LinkedIn. Okay. So let's see how we can figure it out. Definitely. Muji. Inform Korea next week. May upcoming booking. Next week is tab. So that will be too late, right? Thinking in English. Thinking in English. For the video based on grammar. Okay. So let's connect next week with your notorious story.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Such a. Nice to meet you. See you next week.
Speaker B: Okay, bye.
