Speaker A: Let me share the presentation, I mean the screen again, this was the session that we were talking about, right? Change management. So you can take five minutes to think through now or whatever time you need, two, three minutes if that works. And then help me that how will you articulate it?
Speaker B: So I think there also our formula of what, why also, precisely that also applies, right. First thing, I think whenever I'm doing it, I should always start with what, what it is, what are you going to talk about and why, what and why becomes very important for them.
Speaker A: Right. So instead of saying that, why am I going to talk about, you need to ask yourself why they should listen to me.
Speaker B: Yes. Why they should. They should listen to it. And I think I know the audience very well already, where they come from, why they will ask those questions, what they are going to ask. I know. So somewhere I can address it already. So that, and especially the critical piece of information, I can prioritize it better and address it sooner rather than later, once they ask. So that the interruptions and questions become. And they are also more patient in listening in a sense that they are, they are getting what food or what answers they need. They are already getting. So they will be more patient that, okay, it's coming. If some has come, some might come in next two minutes.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: So I think that it needs to be structured.
Speaker A: So why don't you try right now? So if you want, you can switch off your video or be on mute. Whatever works for you. Okay. Just think through one aspect of this meeting. One. So say one question. Right. Or one feature. Right. Or one critical implementation, whatever, right. Instead of going through a ten minute presentation or ten minute talk here, think through one aspect. And how will you talk about the value or that piece of critical information? How will you bring it in? What? So I want to check, or you would like to see that, how you are articulating the value in the first few seconds of your talk.
Speaker B: So today we have the change management meeting and I'm going to present two changes already. Okay. So probably I can, I can talk through those.
Speaker A: So take a moment, think through it. Okay. So if this is how you have started, what would be the next point? How to ensure that you do not lose your audience within 1st 30 seconds if you're uncomfortable? Because I cannot think through when somebody being on a video call, it's very, you get conscious. So you can switch off your video. Right. Think through for a minute or so. I'm here, right. I'll also switch off the video. Okay. But I am, you can be on mute as well. And then let me know if. When you are ready.
Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Okay. Okay. So hello everyone. I'm going to talk about the, about two CR's, which are. Both are related. First one I'm going to talk about is the CR 974, which is related to test methods. So this, this is, this is also related to a UAT defect which was raised around a month ago, defect 2123. So what was happening was when you are doing a search in the search bar in the top right corner, no results were appearing. So this defect was raised, but later it was found that it's going to be a product enhancement and not a defect. So that's where the defect was deferred. And this, this can be addressed only by the Optiva team, although it, it won't have any integration impact or any reports impact. But it is important for business to have that. That's the CR 974. Another CR which I am going to talk about is the CR 975, which is, which is also related to test method searches. That test method search is using is because is related to another search functionality which is at the top left corner of the, the optiva screen where we are using various search search function menu to search the test methods. So these test methods, when searched, are giving different results at every time you search, search a different test. So there. So that's where the inconsistency is there in the search engines. So that also needs to be, to be addressed. But this also is going to be probably an enhancement request with Optiva, which needs to be taken up. But it will build impact. Integration impact and the reports impact as well.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah. So we present generally that's how you present.
Speaker A: So that would be. So now if you have to apply the same tool, right. And do a bit of rearrangement, right. Because the information, it's not that you can discard any information, right. The information is all of the information. Two or three details about that you shared about each defect is important. They are important. Right. So if you have to rearrange it, how will you do that?
Speaker B: So if I have to rearrange it.
Speaker A: In terms of who, why, how, what, same why, how, how.
Speaker B: So, yeah. So I think 1st, 1st will be the why then, or probably what it is what I'm going to talk about.
Speaker A: Don't think on that. Force yourself right now. I'm not saying that. Apply it. Go and apply it there. Force yourself to talk. Why first. And let's see, let's see how does it impact or do you, I, you is the structure now more clear rather than a chronological or a sequential, not chronological or sequential approach. Okay, let's try it out.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So you can talk about only one defect if it is the second defect, right. Where the results were not clear.
Speaker B: Yeah. So that's where I think it becomes more. You're talking about why first that, okay, yeah. While businesses using the search functionality through the search menu, they are getting different, different results at every search. And that is actually going to be inconsistent and going to cause lot of trouble for the business. So I think the why part of it, right.
Speaker A: So now completed, completed the entire second effect.
Speaker B: You are.
Speaker A: So take a pause first. Take a pause. Right. Think about the second effect again. All the details, two or three details that you have to talk about. Talk about. Start with why, right? And then keep on sharing the details, information related to it.
Speaker B: Okay. So while we, we are, if I talk about the another defect 975 where we are using the search search functionality where no results are appearing for the test method, but it's the easiest way for business to search test method. So it will be good to have that functionality in place. And this defect was raised earlier also around a month back during UAT, but this defect was more on the sites of product enhancement, which cannot be tackled right now. So it is something needs to be addressed by the optiva team. So that, that's where it needs to go through SCR and that's why we are raising it ser to track that enhancement request.
Speaker A: Also, what is the difference in this approach and the earlier approach?
Speaker B: I think at the first moment, in the first 30 seconds itself, you have the right attention because you know why, why it is important and what's coming ahead.
Speaker A: The one, how will you articulate it? Take a moment, then articulate the benefit as well. So if you have, imagine that, you know, if you are, you are the listener, right? All those directors, those faces and I have shared the same thing to you that, you know, I understand. I'm using a different language. Definitely I can't use a language. So this is a feature which is really crucial for the business because that's the only way you search, right. And that's the only way that helps you with the precise and results in no time. And that's the defect. That or us. The only problem is that it cannot be resolved right now. It will take this and this amount of time. It's a new thing, right? Us, right. So if I share this to you and if I share the same manner, because ideally what we would have done is.
