Speaker B: I will give a background of mine. So I am. I am from Kerala. So I born and brought up in one district called Kannur, that is north of Kerala. So. And in my home we were four siblings. My dad was working in a bank as a cashier. And I am the my. I have a sister, elder sister and then me. And we. I have two younger brothers. So relatively sister got married and I was in charge of my home for some time. And so I was helping my father and setting up our home, etcetera. So after my schooling was in the Kerala normal government schools. After completing my class two I have joined BSc in chemistry. That also in a government school in Government college in Kerala. After completing the graduation in chemistry I joined Cochin University of Science and Technology. That's also in Kerala for doing this polymer science and technology course. So after that from the campus I got selected to CEAT. So that happened in 2005. So CEAT is my first company in that sense. So then onwards I was working in two main major, two departments in CEAT. So I joined in CEAT R and D only. So that time we were working in Mumbai. R and D was in Mumbai. So I joined in CEAT. R and D. There are in R and D. There are two different departments. One is the product management department. Who does the product in complete product design. They do the product tire engineering. There are several terminologies which use. Finally the basic department is the product design and they are part of the product lifecycle management team. And there is another team called Material development team who does the compound and material which is used for the tire making who do that development. So initial ten years I was working in that department. I worked in. So in tire industry in Seattle we have different category of tires. That is two wheeler tires, three wheeler tires. Then we have passenger car tires, then we have truck tires, then we have off the road tires. These are bigger in sizes. So during this ten years I worked as a compound development engineer in all these segments. So I was able to work in. I was have. I had an opportunity to work in two wheeler segment. Then three wheeler segment and for passenger car, radial also for a few time. Then truck segment of the road segment, etcetera. After that I moved to the extreme opposite department. That is product development department. So last four years, four and a half years I am working in this product development department in charge of two and three wheeler product development. That is my current role. In current role. Actually my main interaction is that I do work with the market. The market will be either my replacement market. So for that I have a product development manager, a product manager in marketing departments. I do work with him capture his requirement, convert that into product for making that, converting that into production coordinate with all the internal departments in R and D. That is we have this same material development department. We have another department who do the mold design for the product and we have this product design product development department that's my department. So we are like an anchor between these departments. We took the inputs from marketing team or from market and do the product and deliver to our factories. So in the factory there is another set of department who is interacting directly with us. That is the planned technical teams. So we give this specification to those plan technical team. They make the product as per the specification which we have provided. Once products are released, there are different stages of release. Fund is released then it is a property of the marketing. They produce as per their requirement sell it accordingly. This is one set of activity which we do. Second one like marketing is one of my customer. I have another customer that is my OEM. So for OEM from CS side there is yet key account managers. So he does practically marketing, sales and all the jobs for this OEM. So through this key account managers we get practical requirements of oems. So they are normally not a straight requirements, it is actually their wish list what practically they will send initially. Then we will work along with the OEr and DT. So it may go through iterations and changes in the specification etc. So based on their requirement we produce the product the same. Once I for that activity I normally directly interact with this OER and because the key account manager will normally connect between they will connect us with the we R and D team. Then we start working together. Then we create products and alternate products and make the corrections etcetera. Finally we achieve reached into a specification which is acceptable for both OEM as well as from CT. Once that happens then the similar process this specification will be transferred to the corresponding manufacturing location. They will keep producing and from that onwards the interaction will be between the plant as well as my OE key account manager as per his requirement through the company process they will make and give to them if there is any problem. So in the first step of any OE development is that we do a joint development with Oei, OER and D. After that we will be scaling up their production. There are always chances that during the scaling up they will be facing some problems. So that time either through our cam or through the OER and the same type of an inquiry comes to us or some information come to us that complaint comes to us. So normally we directly go on and interact with them. So through that interaction. So that may require further fine tuning of the product, that may require some more trials in the plant or may require some guide guidances for them to do it properly, etcetera. So that also continuous, it's a continuous process. Sometimes this is in the scaling up process. Then even at the OE level, there can be change of models, minor updation on the product, which I already supplying him for last five years or six years. Or there can be some issue happened on our line and some wrong product might have gone into their places in these places. Also since we are live with the OEM, because I will be working this year with two or three or four projects with them. So even if we got a problem in my five year old project, so I will be interacting with them on that one. Also because we are, we are a face in front of them. So they will not get into my manufacturing team or in my QA team. They will directly interact with me saying that your older product is having this problem, why don't you come and attend that? So that way also we'll be interacting. So once what I want to say once I have one ske which is going into OEM practically throughout the lifecycle, I will be attending. If there is any complaint or problem in that, that product, because we were on live on that. So this is about my current portfolio and another one which you asked about significance of my boss. I explained that I lead the two and three wheeler product development team in R and D. So we interact with both we and replacement market and then do the product for C. It places two three wheeler segment is very critical for CT. We contribute approximately 30 percentage of the total volume and 60 to 70 percentage of the total profit of. See it.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: So new product development and getting new new one is bringing new products as well as bringing innovation products in this segment is very critical for my company's growth company had a wish to become number one and two wheeler. So we, in fact, in the last seven, eight years, our market share has grown from say 11% days to today we are at 30 to 33 percentage. So that was a journey which has taken in two wheeler segment. So this one. Okay. In case of two Wheeler segment. So that way it is very critical for the organization especially and profitability part of it as well as. And the image, because we have an image of the number one two wheeler segment company in this one. So we may be in the number, we may be very close to MRF number one. Number two. But as per the last year closing figures, we are definitely number one, or maybe in one or 2000 less than the type of.

Speaker A: Okay, okay. So would you help me understand the dynamics of relationship with different oes? So when, what are the opportunities where you collaborate with them? What are the places where, what may be some of the roadblocks in that partnership? How do you feel that this partnership and collaboration can be further extended? So would you help me understand that?
Speaker B: Yeah, just give me a minute. So somebody is just waiting for me. I will give them an instruction. Atiru, wait. So we will meet at 12:15. Okay. Ah, sorry. So it is the discussion with different oems. So you wanted me to explain with different OEM case by case or how does it even.
Speaker A: One or two examples would be fine, because I am not from your industry. Do I have your skills? So while I can imagine that your organization and the oes you have to work together, you are not just a commodity supplier, right? It's not like this bottle of water and you give everybody. So it's a proprietary product, there are technical specifications and these two things have to work together. So the vehicle and your tyres, they need to work together. So I'm just keen to understand the nature of relationship. So where collaboration. So some examples or instances, if you can share that be helpful.
Speaker B: Yeah. So same terminology which used we are normally when we are interacting with OEM, they also have two types of vendors. One is proprietary vendors and other one is job work vendors who actually, in case of tire and battery, there are few items which they call as proprietary vendors, where the products belongs to us and we do control the specification of the product. We do modify it to suit their requirement. But in all other cases, it is the OEM who decides what spec is to be made and they give the vendor their corresponding, uh, drawings and etc. And they will make it. This is how does it work. So in our case, we have two major departments when we are directly getting into an OEM. One is that the first window is OE purchase department. So he contacts my cam, who is in charge of that particular OEM, because they are regularly in interaction. Normal cases, because since c eight is an established player and oems are also almost all four or five oems are there for long years, they are always in connection. So because we regularly supply, say an average in every OEM, we will be supplying lakh, two lakhs type of tires every month. So they are in business relation. So when a new project comes, practically it comes to them as an inquiry, RFQ has come to them, right? So that is my first vendor since we were interacting with OEM. Even though we are from R and D also, we also have the similar connectivity or connection with these purchase people. Because they are they, they are our first thing. So they call us, they interact with us, etc. Before they introducing us to their R and D team. So in R and D team depends upon oems. Like in case of a hero as the number one OEM for them, the r and if team is fixed, whom we normally interact with them, so they are fixed. There are two or three people who are in charge of tire development. So whether whatever be the project, this team will be in charge of tire development. Okay, so those places, we normally have a continuous interaction with them. So one. One side is the business information. We inquiries normally come with the purchase department. The other side we may be in interaction with the R and D team. So we may get information from them, etcetera. But official communications comes through the purchase team. So that is one type of relations. So once this inquiry comes, so it normally. Why I'm telling it's normally not comes like the one particular day an inquiry has come. It's a continuous process. I keep going them in every 15 days or 20 days. So, right. If today I am getting an inquiry, it might have discussed in the last meeting as a casual talk or something. We are going to come with this pair like that. So it's not like a fresh start, any point of time, right? So it depends upon in, I'm talking about one OEM that is in hero. So there normally things are in discussion and then new project came. So once it comes to us, normally in our process, we need to propose them, say wait and quot etcetera, which is not business to them, but from R and D point of time, we need to propose them a pattern. That's the most important point. That's the first hurdles which has to pass. That means we need to tell them that, look, this pattern will suit to them. So the dynamically it is changing. Nowadays in organizations like that, every OEM wanted to have, or they just started their own styling department. So the styling department wanted to have a different type of styles in their tires also. Whereas as an organization for me, I have a restriction on internal target that we should not chloriflate with more patterns, we should try to sell the existing pattern to them, right? So this is where the first interaction and troubles which normally comes. So we try to push the pattern which is available with us and they wanted something new or something more matching with their styling department's requirement. So like that there will be an exchange which happens. So this is the first place practically we will be having little difficult type of interaction with them. We push, they push their side, so of course they have an upper hand. Finally, the project decision is there with them. But with, since we are not a new face to them, we are regularly working with them. We try to sell our proposal to them first.
Speaker A: Okay. So when you say that you have a restriction on the number of patterns, is it because of the cost of production.
Speaker B: Some, almost 80% is the places we may be able to one. And some places they may demand that no, we wanted to have a new pattern. This pattern will not work for us. Or there may be an earlier past history of they may failed in one of our patterns. So they don't want similar kind of patterns. So there can be several things which will be leading to them. But some of the cases it ended in sitting there telling them there is no choice. We need new. When this comes to us, we in fact come back to our marketing and senior team saying that, look, we have a standing instruction that not to add further patterns, etcetera. But now there is a requirement that this OEM must ask for a different pattern or it, or we may have to make this tire in some other pattern. So like that it normally. So, so it is something which is normally my management don't want to do to add more patterns or one pattern into another size. So if I will be having x size. Suppose if one directive or tile size I am having in x pattern, if they ask for y pattern, I have to bring y pattern into this size. So that's actually adding my number of SKU. So people may not do this. So this is, again, there will be a similar kind of tough discussion between my team, internally, senior team and my team there. They will push again. You go once more and try to sell this pattern again. So this again, it will go for two, three times of interactions. Finally, with my experience I can tell that finally once we took a call, then there is very less for us to correct on that one. In fact, we may delay little bit on our communication up and down till everybody get convinced. So it may take some time to sell this to our team. So finally all get convinced. We propose the new pattern.
Speaker A: Okay, so what is the roadblock? Let's say if you want to bring in a new pattern, where does the resistance come from? Why is it difficult to serve that need for the client?
Speaker B: So it's a problem. The difficulty is that one. So this not like it won't end up in that particular place. We giving a pattern and giving to them after that. This size is, suppose I am having a common size which is say 318, we call it number. So. But actually I will tell for our understanding it's a tire of say splendor. So that's the common bike which is used in the market. So these similar sizes will be already getting used in different other oems, right? As well as I'll be having one or two of the patterns which is available for my aftermarket. So if I bring a new pattern in this segment, it makes my total portfolio adding one more SKU. So it is not only for that OEM. Tomorrow my replacement also may require that pattern, right? So in our system of selling, so for one size they like that four oems ask for four and you will add four pattern. So that is the common differences which comes. And so finally, if I add one pattern, it won't be that project. So it I will be carrying the whole burden in my company for next ten years, right? That's clear to both of us. So my management don't want my sales and marketing team don't want to that cluttering in their portfolios. That's why this differences comes. So one point of discussion is that when you have this discussion in R and D, to R and D, there can be a lot of other things which is in consideration. The point is that why can't you sell this pattern, existing pattern to the OEM?
Speaker A: Okay, so if you have to bring the same point forth to a, what is their point of view? Because see if you, if we are changing and if the whole variable is getting added, it affects them as well, isn't it? Or does it not affect them?
Speaker B: It will affect them. So the problem what their, their requirements depends upon what vehicle they are going to bring. See normally if they are adding a vehicle, that is suppose if splendor is there, they are adding splinter plus splinter x plus splinter X plus Y. Like that. They don't go for a tire change, right? Normally the brief to them on their product also will be something new product is coming. So they wanted to bring everything. Every place is new, right? So for them it is most important that and the life cycle of a bike normally takes. Earlier it was ten years, now it has come to three, six years like that. But at least in six years down the line, the doc, the department of this has completely changed. Their marketing has changed, their color sensor, their vehicle shape has changed, everything has changed. So they wanted everything fresh looking or new to that one. That is one point where they demand as that now yours looks something old or it was there in my old factory vehicle. I don't want the old component to continue. Okay, so that is what one point of things where they demand. So cap variable is. Okay, we will look into that. This is one point of second one. Uh, in case of some, in case of hero we had some of the product failed in the last past. Okay, so similar pattern. They feel that, okay, that may again fail. So I don't want to take a risk on that one. So again the conference issue will come, we will try to push it but they won't agree on that one. And it is not like that. They are working only with us. They have choices.
Speaker A: Okay. So they have multiple vendors. So if you are not able to meet their requirement, they can always go to the next vendor. So that is the challenge that you have.
Speaker B: So after a point of time it may not be able, we may not be able to push to them. So this situation is there.

Speaker A: So does the, is it that only seat wants to control the number of skus or is this something that players across the industry like to follow as in is it a common practice to limit the number of SKUs and to try and control the variables.
Speaker B: So it is not so common. So there are two c eight and MRF is well established companies. All others are coming in. So now if you see last three years trend or maybe coming one or two years also continue like that. There are people who trying to enter in place of C and MRF. So they always be flexible in those points.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Internally when we come to know on that one, then CEAT also was flexible. It is not like this yet started it now she has started it now she was flexible when we wanted to enter into MRF portfolio, right? So that time it was required and we were more flexible to Em. So that we get an entry. So now we are in a position we feel that we should into this type of a controlling of our SKU. That is where this conflict comes. It's a change point for us. Otherwise we were making pattern as per them and we took, in fact we took a lot of share of MRF like this. Only being more flexible to EM, more easy to Em. So it continues. So now we become little rigid, somebody else will become more flexible to them. So that is what going to happen. So that is what my understanding when I am interacting with the OEM and this is what I am trying to tell my team also, my senior team also because we can't become another MRf so that somebody else will become another c eight who took our share. So that there is a possibility to do like that.

Speaker A: Okay. So I believe CEAT has a strong presence in the two wheeler segment. What about passenger cars? So how is CEAT performing there? And what, how do you see partnering with oes going in the future in the coming three to five years?
Speaker B: See, I think passenger car segment as such, I am not handling, but in our team, somebody else is handling. Okay. So passenger car segment also it's a similar thing which is happening, say five to six years back, what happened in two wheeler. A similar trend is now getting followed in passenger car for c eight assets. So it was like that seat was not focusing on passenger car segment. We were not having enough volume, etcetera, in the earlier day. So now when we come into the passenger car segment now, now we have enough projects. We are working with almost every OEM and we are more flexible there because we have no choice other because, and it is not, there is no point of flexibility. Also it comes like this. You are in an entry player now. So suppose if my passenger car segment, if I want to make a size that is a new size to me, right? Suppose I am sure that after five years it is, it won't be the story because that time by c eight will be having all these sizes. That time, any new project will be a second project or third project for c eight, right? Then this conflict will come whether I should sell the old product or I should make a new product as per their requirement or not. So, passenger car segment in last year and the coming two more years, we have a lot of wee projects and we have good background this. So it was. And when I joined four years back, our c eight two wheeler segment also was going through the similar segment, similar one. So we keep getting projects, both most of the projects we are keep adding, adding like that. Now projects are getting difficult projects. So that means now we are getting into the development partner project. So there are two types of projects which comes in way. One is that suppose already MRF is there or say TBS is there and you are getting added as a third supplier. So your scops are limited, little easy to work because everything is fixed by the VM. So every other things are fixed. Only your tire is a variable, right? So you have the vehicle available in the market. You have the competition tire available at the market. You can go buy that, cut it, do the modifications, etcetera in your tire and you can do all the tuning before you are submitting this tire back to OEM, right? From, from there we have grown into a development partner stage, right? In case of development partner stage for them OEM also they are fine tuning their vehicle day and day out, right? So their requirements also slowly will get changed. So they may even some places they may give me four or five sizes in the first go wherever. Finally it required only two sizes. But they are not sure that which all sizes which will be required. Then we'll having a joint discussion. Then we will make some tires after. Sometimes they will tell that earlier tire was okay for my that bike. Now I modified bike little bit. So you need to further modification. So this cycle keep continuing. When you have a development partner. But benefit is there. You are becoming very strong partner with the OEM. And you are there when the vehicle is getting launched. So you don't have to tomorrow follow something. And nowadays, and that is a good approach also. Because vehicles are not now planned for mass volume earlier one splendor, they are sure that it will run for another five years or ten years or 20 years. Same tire will continue and there volume will keep increasing. And there are opportunity for a third vendor to come in. Now bikes will be getting made for two months, two years or three years, four years life cycle. And the max volume is more customized. Type of max volume won't cross say 10,000 or 20,000. Why do they want a third vendor? So I won't be having an opportunity to get into that bike, right? So it is better to be a partner. And now more than that, the abs and all those requirement has come. So ABS when it comes. Effectively, if you are a partner from the starting of the project, then the ABS tuning has to be done for each tire, right? So once they are done the ABS tuning, it is very difficult to match for another company to come and match that one, right? So you being partner during the ABS tuning itself will make sure that there won't be any another partner. Your business will be secure, right? That way.
Speaker A: So it offers you competitive advantage.
Speaker B: I know always offers a competitive. And that does. And you are another way that organize. As my company is always ready with that tire. When the customer next time wandered in the market. If I am not a partner to an OEM for one x development, then what will happen means that it has gone to say MRF, after three years, this tire may be required maybe in small volume in the replacement market. Since I am not partner to this project, I have not made that size. And that size may not be having enough volume, so that I just make it for replacement market. So interesting what happens. Somebody comes into my, my showroom for that particular bike. He has to go out without having that size with me. So having association with OEM from the startings will make sure that whatever is going to be after three years replacement demand, you, you already have the product for that. So that's the biggest advantage for companies. So I don't have to do have a separate channel to develop for what are the sizes which tvs has launched. Why don't we benchmark that one and then bring it for replacement. So it actually delays. So normally what happened then we will calculate the volumes of vehicles in the market to calculate the requirements, the market potential. It may not qualify for my market conditional to make the product, but end result. Even if it is not qualified, even if it is one or two or five customer, he wanted to buy a CTRC. It is not having that size with us. It comes like that. So that way also partnering will help us. Only thing is, partnering will make your life little difficult, but for good reason, right?

Speaker A: So it's almost like initially you have to invest a lot in understanding them and working with them, but then it gives you competitive advantage for the future because the market demands are becoming very agile, they change very fast. So you also need to catch up with that. So that's where partnering helps. So I have one more quick question and then we'll go towards wrapping up the conversation. That's so I have a feeling that many a times there would be difference of opinion on the technical aspects. So you might believe in something and the OEM might believe in something. So when these technical difference of opinions come in, how do you deal with that? So how often does it happen? What are some of the approaches that you take? So can you take up an instance, a case or an example?
Speaker B: Yeah, so see, normally I just wanted to explain during the development phase with R and D there are not that much difference of opinion happens because there are one point which happens in the pattern where I will try to push my patterns and they will depends upon what their requirement they will do. That is one place where we feel have a difference of opinion on that one. That is one point and second one. What happens is that normally they do, they do the testings and tell us that this is not meeting our requirement that not at that point of time. Since we are a development partner, we do go with their feedback. Very rarely we have a difference on their feedback because they are testing my vehicle in their proto vehicle, my tire in their proto vehicle. If they want a change, we are always open to make that change and give to them. So very common normal procedure. There are very less places where we and them have on technical parameter there is a clash, it happens once your products into the market or once your product goes into that mass production stages there normally these points comes. What happens is that you have an agreement with them. You finalize the spec. Then they are going for an s their volume escalation or they are going into market. They find the problem in their end. So incidents, I will tell you. So the. When Himalayan has launched, that is with Royal Enfield. So Himalayan has launched. Our products are tested by. And we are the exclusive supply for Himalayan. Our projects are given to them. Products are given to them. It was tested by them exclusively because such a bike was not available in the market. So only royal Enfield can do the testing of the product. We cannot do. So they have done, they have approved us product. After that, there is a complaint which comes from the market. There is a faster way.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So when this complaints come from the market, we had no choice other than. So first thing is that you will check whether you are asked per the drawing agreed with OEM or not. Once we check, as we are, as per the drawing, a grade with OEM with respect to the compound materials used as well as the design used, etcetera, then there is a conflict. They told that, okay, now your product is having lower. And we tell that this is what the spec which you agreed on, the starting point of it. So this conflict normally, in my experience in that one, another first few meetings gone on, we justifying our site, saying that we are asked for, okay, there may be and we don't directly tell them there may be something wrong in the vehicle. So. And we doing our own investigation, because we have a product evaluation team in the market. We're doing our own investigation with our team that what is going wrong in the vehicle. We get some information that, okay. First generation vehicle only had this problem. There is a brake biting issue, etcetera. But when it comes to, we normally interact with OEM. We don't have this choice to go and counter with them that there is something really wrong in your vehicle. So we can only tell that our product was as per them. Right. What else to happen? But, uh, in my understanding, in that project, it happened in two, three years back. But it happened, it gone for a lot of exchange of stand means. Nobody is coming to a compromised situation. We bring the tire, we check it and found that this is not okay. So this is okay tire. So we have nothing wrong found in the tire. Then it reaches to a situation where their project has means the seniors seriously business head gets come into the picture. That means whoever is practically in the lead of their projects critical for us. Because my all future projects everything will get in in discussion with him. So then that project comes into. He comes into picture, he. But he has changed the tone. He told that now it has happened. So our testing happened, your testing happened, everything was fine. Now in few places customer is having problem, what we can additionally do further to improve this life. So then when they said that okay, we can do this to improve this life, then we told okay, there is an opportunity to change the agreed spec, you can increase the compound and all those. So at that level, his level, it was fine to accept it and get it to this one. CA decided to do the correction. CT has improved the component, but internally it is known to us that it can have a 10% impact only it can't make a drastic change. But it is a making them a feeling that okay, we have done the bit which we can do from outside. Similar way they might also be improved their vehicle. So that vehicle still gives a lower tire life, not too lower tire life, but there are few old vehicles still it won out at 2000 km. So logically and in with our places it is impossible to happen it with tire, but there is no choice. So once the business get involved, you need to show what best you can do from your side. You have to get in and do that modification, and then there's for that. So what I am telling is that sometimes it may not be very logical. So once there comes to a difference, normally we take that hit and do the corrections on this, okay organization level. And it may be very difficult for them, for him also to communicate that way to his junior level. Similar way all the department in CS also to align accordingly. I will tell you what happens. This decision has happened, this decision happened one incident. So it may be helpful in our all alignment between the difference. This decision happened in such a way that we both agreed on a specification, that specification finally end on failure, and with not hundred percent conviction, I say that we we know that little bit, we can improve type of improvement, which we have changed. So almost say 5000 6000 inventory was there in Seattle, the company took a call to scrap it, okay, that much is okay. So if they decided to call to scrap it under R and D. So then there the difference of opinion will come that you do something for the business and then you get it. Because the only the oe head may be knowing it and or only maybe the R and D heads people are involved may be knowing it, but all other team for the company it is what it is that there is something error happened and you have made the correction. So once this happened, the R and D have a difficulty to justify this volume. What is getting scrapped and all those it has finally that has come on your head. But it makes what I have seen and the next something comes. I will never allow for another correction. Also I will tell let it come officially decide. So this type of business versus actual decisions one it is taken. So then it goes to one department within our company similar way for their company also. Then it will be very difficult. So that openness will come down little bit. It will take another crisis to happen again for me to open my windows and ask them, okay, further change. I will accept or not. See, I have observed it on minutes practically. I may be trying to overcoming it, but I know that most of the other places when somebody comes, when somebody give me these suggestions, I back of my daily say that, okay, is it really necessary for me to accept it or not? Because if it is not required, it may not be accepted. I think somebody else has joined.

Speaker A: Just one moment, I'll put him on hold. I think he must have been testing the link. All right, we can.
Speaker B: So this is what. So this. So when you have the conflict with them more than the conflict serving in OEM. I think in OEM we all are will be there. Then further implication of that conflicts and internal discussions will normally make the things more worse.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So, yeah, that's pretty much about it from my end. Yeah.
