Speaker B: Edmonton and billiards. But I left it all after joining the job. I don't get that much time now, so I just do work and play PUBG.
Speaker A: PUBG?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So where do you hail from?
Speaker B: Yeah, I am. I am born in Batabin, Delhi. Only in Rohini.
Speaker A: Thank you. So hobbies and interests now have confined yourself to PUBG and work.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Good to know. So my name is Deepak Manila. I'm from Vizag, Andhra Pradesh. So I've completed my engineering post that I have completed my post graduation in forestry management. I've been associated with reactive for the past two years. So this is a little bit about me. So I do travel and then for food a lot. Okay, great. So now this is the first interaction. I just want to have a few idea about the two days workshop that you been through.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Have you attended the two days workshop?
Speaker B: Yes, yes, yes, I have attended it.
Speaker A: Could you share some learnings that resonated with you in the workshop though on.
Speaker B: The first day only, it was something better experience than the other workshops I ever had in my school or in my professional coaching or something like what used to be done was like they were giving tips or something. But in this workshop, what I learned or what I gained is that he gave us the opportunity to present. And I have presented like three times in the same two workshops. He gave us a topic and I think I didn't get much time for preparing that. Like, I was given an hour or two to just be given a topic and present it. So it was a little difficult and challenging. But yes, it gave me an opportunity to discover what I can bring it out in few minutes or in few hours, and how spontaneously I can present. And, you know, what's lack inside me in the level of communication. If I had given an opportunity to present in such a short span of time, and yes, obviously the tips he had given me, it was good. Just a second.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker B: Hello. Can we resume? Hello?
Speaker A: Yeah, sure.
Speaker B: So that was all about the learning in those workshops.

Speaker A: Okay, so could you just give me a brief description about the current job that you're carrying out and then where all communication plays an important role in your daily activities?
Speaker B: So my job is like, whenever a company finds a whistleblower, you understand what is whistleblow? So whenever a whistle, whistle is blown in a company, or if the management gets any hint that something fishy is going on in their company, they hire us. So to check on the facts that does the fraud exist or not? Or does anything is going wrong which may affect their profits or the sustainability. So they hire us. We go through the documents and all. So where's the communication part gets into is key. Whenever I get appointed, I. I have to chat with the. With my spock. A spock is assigned for Deloitte, who will carry out all the work, who arranges the data, who arranges the meetings with the users. So I have to communicate with him. I have to tell him what is my demand, what documents do I need, why I need that? And are they correct or not? Then he arranges a meeting with the users also, who will give, will give me an understanding of the company's process. So I. I do a meeting with them, I interact with them, try to understand their opinion. So this is all how I communicate in my assignments.
Speaker A: So there's a lot of communication going on. You know, it's mostly related to face to face email, all the.
Speaker B: Yes, yes.
Speaker A: Right. So in this current job role that you are carrying out as well as the future prospects as well, do you face any challenges in the current job role or do you think you can enhance your communication levels now that you have already explored the workshop as well and how these. Where are all the key areas that we need to focus in this eight sessions.
Speaker B: So I don't know much about what I am lacking in, but what I have discovered is I am a little in a lack of vocabulary. First of all, I. I get mixed up with the words sometimes. And other thing is key. Sometimes whenever the situation arises that I have to speak up, speak up for a long time or speak up in front of a highly reputed person. So I get a little nervous. I don't know why it happens to me. So this is the area I. I need to develop in.
Speaker A: Otherwise, if you are a large crowd or vocabulary, something that you want to other than that, you're seeing other than.
Speaker B: That, like, you're chatting with me since ten minutes or so. I think I'm fine with communication, like in a personal communication or in mail also. I think I'm fine with that. But it's just that a little nervousness stuck with me. When I am with a highly crowd, crowded area or in. Somehow in the presence of someone who is, who is a director or partner, sometimes I get a little nervous.
Speaker A: So this is something that we can definitely address too. That's not an issue. So before going that, there's one detail I required from you.
Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: You just give me details of your manager name, contact and email id, if that is possible.
Speaker B: You need my managers or my directors?
Speaker A: Uh, only the managers, actually.
Speaker B: The thing is key. My director has appointed me in this workshop.
Speaker A: Then you can give the details of your director itself.
Speaker B: Okay, so what do you need?
Speaker A: Name and name, contact number and email id.
Speaker B: Okay, his name is Imanshu Aroda.
Speaker A: Imanshu Arora. Okay.
Speaker B: His contact number is 8130-2130-2878-7817.
Speaker A: Id and Id.
Speaker B: Just a minute. I will just search it out. It's Himanshu Arora at the Deloitte.com.
Speaker A: Just give me a minute. Okay. 8130. Okay, got it. I think he's good. He's manager for another participant as well. Amit Kumar.
Speaker B: He's Amit Kumar.
Speaker A: Yes, yes, yes. That's why it is automatically. Then I got the details we should do. Thank you. Great. Thank you for providing me some brief details so that I can get everything idea about how it. How we can approach so tentatively. In my mind, I think thinking is the area that we need to focus on first because that defines each and every step that we are going to take next, every action. So how we structure our thought process, is there any analysis that we are doing about the audience or not? These are the areas that you need to focus on. Thinking moved on to articulation. So in articulation we'll explore the aspect of writing as well as speaking. How well are you able to put down your words in form of writing and then are you able to replicate the same while you speak?
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: This both play an important role. And through writing we can try to explore the grammatical aspect as well. So grammar is something that people often take it for granted, but you can always revisit some concepts because it establishes credibility. When we have a brilliant idea to present and then we fumble in the grammar, the focus of the audience shifts from the idea to the mistakes that we have performed, which is something that we don't want to do.
Speaker B: Yes. Yes.
Speaker A: So probably, if at all it's needed, we will allot once particular session for grammar alone. And then the more focus, the primary is about how well are you able to Internet your voice and then the body language, which is the overall presence. So a lot of emotions or the reactions that we give out while we present can give implications about the way we are presenting, whether you are comfortable or not, whether you are confident or not. So these are the key areas that we like to explore. Okay, so moving on, one thing that let's do with a quick activity. As today is the first session, I don't want to go into the concepts and then go each and everything. So I just want to perform a quick activity it will be just like a conversation to see how you assess your thought. So I'm creating a hypothetical situation here.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. So for that, I need some input from you. It's about if you have. If you were to talk about or suggest a topic which you are knowledgeable about or passionate about.
Speaker B: You can go for accountancy or internal audit, fraud, anything. I'm knowledgeable about these things.
Speaker A: Something that you're passionate about?
Speaker B: Passionate about. You can talk about gaming? Yes, I'm passionate about gaming.
Speaker A: Gaming. Passionate about gaming, yeah. Okay, then. Works. So pc gaming or mobile gaming?
Speaker B: Mobile game.
Speaker A: Mobile game, yes. You don't play pc game?
Speaker B: No, I don't have the time to play pc gaming. I used to play pc gaming in my earlier days, but.
Speaker A: Dota cs.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker A: Dota cs.
Speaker B: Counter strike you are talking about.
Speaker A: Yeah, cs or dota?
Speaker B: I have not played them. I played at that time. GTA, if you have heard of.
Speaker A: Yeah, the old ones. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: GTA and need for suite.
Speaker A: Okay, so are you at least familiar with the idea that now gaming has become a huge industry?
Speaker B: Yes, yes, yes.
Speaker A: And then now there are professionals in gaming sessions, you know, for the gaming industry, how it works?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: At least you have the knowledge. Great. So now I'm giving you this hypothetical situation. Thing is that you are an expert on gaming as an industry.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. So. And you have been invited to give a talk about gaming in general.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: You can talk about the industry or anything that you want. So the filter that I'm giving you is that. So you will be addressing a crowd who are in the age group of 18 to 22.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: This is the crowd that you'll be addressing. And you are given ten minutes to present this talk. So, given the situation here, the only knowledge that you have is age group of the audience. And whatever situation that I give in ten minutes, think about for a minute and then give me five key main points that you will like to cover in that ten minutes. What are the five key main aspects about gaming you would like to share with the audience, given that you are an expert on gaming industry. Okay, think about it. Prioritize. And then I just need five.
Speaker B: First of all, this is not a field or industry which a person should be, you know, kept away due to the thing that it is not academic or something like.
Speaker A: I'm stressing you. I just need five key points.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I don't want you to explain anything.
Speaker B: Okay. Gaming as a profession.
Speaker A: One. Write them down. Write them down.
Speaker B: Can I start?
Speaker A: No, I just need the five key points that you want to share.
Speaker B: Yeah. So first will be gaming as a profession. Second will be always a stress breaker.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Interactive and expand your thinking skills and industry with a lot of money. Fifth, an industry which cannot be struck with recession.
Speaker A: Okay, great. Nice. Just keep these five points.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Now, coming up with. Now that you have come across these five points, can you describe me your approach? What made you come up with these five points and what is your purpose of your presentation?
Speaker B: Like? Let's start with the purpose. My. If my audience is 18 to 22. So this is the age gap when a. When a person is. Is in the dilemma of choosing a profession. Okay. And secondly, he's also in a stress that he have to study as well. He have to keep other commitments as well. So stress will be there. Thirdly, he. He will always be thinking about his future, that how will he make money, what career will he choose so that he could be successful? And the third one will be. Third one will be. Everyone now has the mentality that what could be the thing that, which I, which I will do, which is my passion and it will help me make money. And also with the little efforts I can able to generate resources. So this, this was, this was my approach. And the purpose was. I explained it earlier, this was the age group. I wanted to basically, basically explore their thinking, explore the areas which they are suppressing.

Speaker A: Right, brilliant. Thank you. This is a brilliant approach that you actually focused to just, you know, refine the thought process in particular way what you have and make it in a structured process. Because all of these five points are quite relevant. You can refine it more if you are able to categorize this particular audience.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Categorization can help you a lot. For example, if I have to categorize this particular audience in. So whatever you said, they're in the dilemma of whether they have to choose a profession they have to study. There's so many things that are happening. So in that we can categorize the audience. The first set of audience are someone who are just started gaming and then just purely there for information. So they're not active gamers. So as you already said, the speaker is someone who is expert on gaming. So you can assume that fairly assume that people who are coming are interested in gaming in general, people who are not interested in gaming what ended in that contract. Right. So people who are just started and they are, you know, now and then gamers. The second set of audience are someone who have started gaming, presenting in themselves, in tournaments, and. But are not quite familiar with what sort of opportunities are out there.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So they have come for an avenue to see what this person has to share. What are all the various gaming opportunities that we can explore are in India as well as outside India.
Speaker B: How can he capitalize? Basically?
Speaker A: Capitalize basically. Right. So this is something you can categorize in 2nd, 3rd crowd is someone who are actively gaming. They're winning in tournaments, they are going around exploring more and more, but they need some sort of validation. So whenever you're doing something out of the normal.
Speaker B: I think your, your video struck. Your video struck.
Speaker A: I. Yeah.
Speaker B: What you said just 1 minute back.
Speaker A: Now. Am I audible? Hello.
Speaker B: You're audible. Hello.
Speaker A: I cannot see your video though. Got it.
Speaker B: Now? Is it visible now?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Showing that your bandwidth is low. It's fine. It's fine. We'll continue this. So as the third cut, as you're saying, they're active gamers, they know what they're doing. But whenever you're doing something, when you pursue something that is out of the ordinary, these people will always look some, some sort of validation. So they're active gamers. They are here for you to speak and then listen to you so that they validate themselves so whatever they're doing is correct and then they can proceed with that. Okay, so validation crowd is one. And the fourth crowd is someone who have just come for networking with you, maybe in a business point of view or to explore more on a networking basis. Right. So now we have created four categories of crowd, the audience itself. So once you create these kind of categories, now you can go back and see how these five points, do they match or cover all the necessities that are required for these four categories of audience. Hello?
Speaker B: Yeah, actually your video is getting stuck in between. I am able to hear, you know, continue. Continue.
Speaker A: Yeah, so hope you are getting the gist here.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Can you just explain me, uh, the categories you just sold? One is validation. Validation crowd network crowd. Third will be my.
Speaker A: The capitalization.
Speaker B: Capitalization crowd. And the first will be newbies. Newbies. Yes.

Speaker A: Right. Okay, so all these four categories, now that you have, you're basically, basically having a structure here. So once you have a structured process, now you can go back and then refine your five key points and then it will be more accurate and then narrowed down to much particular points.
Speaker B: Okay, got it.
Speaker A: So this is the way we need to assess your thought process. This is just an activity. There's nothing wrong with whatever the approach that you have given, but I'm just giving a structure. So I'll be forwarding you two documents. One will be on a tool called mind map and second will be a document on components of thought process.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So refer to these two documents, go through them and then in our next conversation we'll try to associate them with any particular topic of discussion and explore them. Okay. And then next session we'll discuss upon the same and then explore the various aspects of articulation as well. This will be our agenda for our next session.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Hope that it works. Okay. Any clarifications that you want me to have regarding the coaching process or the sessions we are going to have?
Speaker B: No, just one thing. These coaching sessions are not available on Sunday. And till what time I can book the last time? The last slot?
Speaker A: Nine to six or 636 30.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Actually if someone books at 06:00 you cannot avail the 630 slot.
Speaker B: Obviously. Obviously. Actually the thing is key. It is difficult for me to go during this cycle because today is holiday. That's why I'm attending the session. And obviously I can attend the morning session. But the thing is I have to travel from Rohini to Gurgaon.
