Speaker B: Beneficial subject to conditions available. So it's a complicated option for each of the, under each of the. Right. But I've tried to capture it in the note without confusing the client. I'll send that to you, you see, so, so that you can also see how my drafting skills are.
Speaker A: And then probably you can give me some, something in general. I mean, not specifically to the client, because I cannot understand what the whole context of the premise is said. Right. So drafting is something that I can do, but based upon what client wants. And then what is your expectations? That is something that can help.
Speaker B: No, no, that note is not client specific. It's a generic under the income tax requirement. What is the option given and how can a person choose? That's all.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay, cool.
Speaker B: It's gender, it's not line specific. I know I have to make some time and draft something. I do it over the week.
Speaker A: Don't worry.
Speaker B: And you had asked me to prepare, to prepare people, which again, I failed to complete. If you want me to brief you anything on the budget. So what we had discussed last time was, I'll explain you the budget part of it.
Speaker A: Budget? Yeah. Union budget is something. Yeah.
Speaker B: So I have not prepared the PPT, but in case you want me to explain the provisions affecting an individual, I can do that, or anything else that you want to do, that's also fine.
Speaker A: Okay, good. Thank you. So I was thinking that to help you, the briefly why I asked you for the draft is for to see your articulation skills so that I can give you some knowledge about the same, about how can the draft be made even better. Right. So we can discuss about articulation if you want. I thought once you prepare the draft, I'll give you some feedback upon the same. But now, taking these concepts also into picture, you can prepare your draft. Probably it can help you draft much better.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: So in generally, what do you understand by articulation?
Speaker B: Articulation, putting across my point of view in a way that the other person.
Speaker A: Also understands precisely correct. It's about more bridging the gap between what is your intention and then how the other person perceives. Correct. So when it comes to articulation, there are three major things that we need to keep it on our mind that can help us to articulate in a much better way or an effective way, or create succinct sentences, to be precise. Okay. So the first and foremost important thing when it comes to articulation is the aspect of visualization. Can you just briefly guess what is visualization? When we talk in terms of articulation, point of view, visualization.
Speaker B: Probably putting in the picture of the concept that you want to speak into the minds of the people who are your audience.
Speaker A: How will you do that?
Speaker B: Maybe by giving an example, asking him to imagine this. Say, for example, if I have to tell you something, I'll give you an example. I'll try to relate it to a particular incident so that you are also able to understand what I'm trying to put across. Maybe you can also imagine something. Is that what is visualization or something?
Speaker A: Correct. So that is one thing that you can do. But when you in generally write. So why does one has to write in point of visualization? That is one thing. So if you are able to write in particular format, your audience can connect with you much better. That is the main component that explain. We'll just look through a short example. So this is essentially what articulation serves, the purpose. It bridges the gap between your internal meaning and the perceived meaning. Right. Now I want you to read two sentences.
Speaker B: Which one? These two. We were. We were very poor when I was young. We had no clothes. Clothes to wear, no toys to plan, no money to buy food.
Speaker A: Thank you. Can you read this one?
Speaker B: I was born in a wrecked sack in 1990. In 1991, we had tiny roofs that allowed water to drip when it rained. My mother made me wear pale clothes with big holes in it. I played with a crushed ball all day and steal food from roadside vendors.

Speaker A: Now I want you to give me what is the similarity between these two sentences? What are the. What is the major difference between these two sentences?
Speaker B: So when I first read the. When I read the first sentence, I got to know that the person is tore and he poor. And he had no choice to play the second part, I understood how was his poverty? What was his lifestyle and how poor was he? And all of that.
Speaker A: Right then. So the similarity between these two senses is the aspect of poverty. That was the context. So the intensity of the poverty, as you said, how poor was he is better maintained in the second sentence. Right. And why do you think so?
Speaker B: Because of detailed, briefly so, but in a detailed way, on that roof getting dripped and clothes being. Having big holes, playing with a crushed ball. Those extra details are no explaining the poverty.
Speaker A: Right? So these are about choice of words. So when we talk about choice of words, when you talk about the word vocabulary in general, people say, you know, vocabulary needs to be good. And people have a misconception that vocabulary means all the high five words, complex ones, which come out of the box and are not in this world. But vocabulary simply means how well are you able to place accurate words with relevant to the context? Is what? Vocabulary can be simple, it can be complex, it can be any words that you can, but it needs to be specific to the context here. Every word that has been mentioned is specific to the context. It's about poverty. Wretched shack, tin roofs, pale clothes, big holes, crushed wall. Everything is related to poverty. Right. So when you're able to read these particular sentences, you're able to create that visualization effect. And when the audience are reading this, and then they're able to visualize it eventually, the output that you are gaining out of it is the connect. That's how the famous writers are able to connect with a lot of audience, millions and millions of audience. Because the way they write, the audience are able to read and then visualize not the things that are happening, even, you know, Sci-Fi fictional characters that they create. All the things that they are able to convey through words, specific choice of words. They are creating theoretical context, and then they are able to create theoretical words, and then they are able to visualize, create visualization effect within the readers. That's how words can be powerful. Right. So this is an aspect of visualization, but how are we able to visualize about context specific choice of words that we are talking about? So in order to increase the spectrum of context, of choice of words, there's one simple tool that you can always refer called thesaurus. Now, do you use thesaurus?
Speaker B: Yes. While drafting emails. And like I said, certain choice of words when we're writing to a client. How to not be rude by putting across a point. Alternative words. We use alternative words.
Speaker A: Yeah. It is in already there in the word document itself. Right. But one interesting thing that I would like to show you about thesaurus when you refer it in a website.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So in general, thesaurus is something that we have been using from the school. Initially, I used to have a small book in school, but now that I've seen the website, I've seen many apps also including thesaurus into there. But this is something very striking that I felt. This is a thesaurus website that they have.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay, here we'll see what exactly do we mean, and then get the particular choice of words specific to the context. We'll take a simple word here, a very lazy word that every day we use. How are you? Yes, I'm good. How is your work? It's good. Is your family good? Right. So good is a very common word that we use. Now let us try to analyze this particular word, and then how can we come up with more words just specific to the context? In normally, apps and all, when you put this, you'll have one particular set, but not each and every word can be used in every particular situation. Right. Context. So in this particular thing, I found out that just ignore the word bad here. I don't know why they kept it. So when they put word in this, they'll give you the most relevant words here and the least relevant words here.
Speaker B: Oh, with the shade being the most to the least. Okay.
Speaker A: And you need to observe one more thing, is that here, there are context specific. So when the situation is pleasant and fine, these are the choice of words that can act as your substitutes. As soon as you change your context here to a moral and virtuous, your choice of words change. So in generally, for a simple lazy verb, lazy word, good, they give you in what all context can this word be used? And then in each context, what are the specific choice of words one can choose? So this will help you create more visualizingly pleasing sentences. You can refer to any kind of word that you can come up with, and then it will be easy. When it is used as an adjective, we can go for it. When it is used as a noun, you can go for it. So each and everything is there. So this particular website format, I thought was, I mean, people who are looking into a deeper analysis or deeper insights into how they can use specific sentence, I thought this would be useful. Even if you just scroll through, you can have even more words. They give you examples and everything.
Speaker B: It is, it is.

Speaker A: It is still useful in generally, the built in thesaurus and the apps, they don't give you this much of insight.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker A: And website is something that I found. It is nice.
Speaker B: I was not aware that they have a website. I knew that's inbuilt in word, and we had an app, but never the website. I didn't know that. Thank you.
Speaker A: Whenever you find time, just explore this particular website and then put every word that comes in your head and see how often do you place any alternative synonyms for this and what is the context? Always assess the context. Then it becomes easier for you to, you know, solidify the learning that you are getting out of these words.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: This is the second component that I wanted to talk to about the specificity. Can you be more specific in your word? So once you become more specific in your choice of words, you're able to create the visualization. Once you do that, you're able to establish connect, right?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: So these are the two things. One final thing that plays an important role is about how can you creatively craft the sentences. So for that, figures of speech can help you out. Are you familiar with any figures of speech?
Speaker B: Figures of speech. I remember reading it as a part of my english grammar, but I don't. I can't tell you anything.
Speaker A: Okay, I'll just give you some keywords. Let's see if you can remember. Simile.
Speaker B: Huh? Personification. Simile.
Speaker A: Metaphor.
Speaker B: Metaphor. Correct. Correct. Correct.
Speaker A: Sarcasm. Irony.
Speaker B: Yes, yes. Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah. Right. So these are all your figures of speech. Anything that you can remember. What this specific definition or something.
Speaker B: Irony is when you are saying something but doing exactly the opposite.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: And personification is like, you're saying your face is like a moon. It's not possible, but you're personifying something that's not living or something that's artificial. Something. Exactly the example I gave.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Sarcasm, we all know.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Sarcasm is you are trying to tell what you mean, but in a humorous, sarcastic way. I don't know any other word. Sarcasm.
Speaker A: Walking manner.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: In a mockingbird. Right.
Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So there are so many figures of speech one can use, you know, based upon purely situation and in professional point of view, there are three platforms that are easy and then quite useful in our daily lives is the similarity based figures of speech. Similarly, metaphor, personification. These three things. So you can research around these three things. Once you get comfortable around these three, there are plenty more that you can explore. Okay, so first is simile. Simile is usage of the words like or as when you are describing something that is out of the ordinary or any particular situation where you are not able to place any particular word, you can use similarity basis or comparison formats. Instead of using very, very tall, one can say that looks like a giraffe is tall as a building, something like that. So you use like or as where you use direct comparison to show that similarity effect. When you're not able to come up with any. This project is among. So if you're not able to come up with the word you, similarity. So like or as is the same thing, this simile. Next is metaphor. Metaphor is brilliant because metaphor is infinite. I mean, the more knowledge you possess, the better sentences that you can create. So metaphor can extend from a particular word to a sentence, to a paragraph, to a whole story or to a whole poem. There are poems written completely in metaphor format, a story written completely in metaphoric format. So whatever is a huge thing. Yeah. We'll start with single word, simple example. If I give you what do you understand by the word concrete jungle city? There you go. Concrete jungle is a indirect way of comparing the city. Okay. Or you can give me one particular sentence. Anything. As you said, the moon example. The moon is silver today. So moon doesn't shine in silver. But you're indicating that it's bright as silver today. Okay, I'm just giving you some simple examples. We say that, you know, I just kissed the gates of hell. What do you say that yesterday? So something of that sort. So metaphors can extended to an example. Also, this is bad as Trump getting elected for the next term. As. So, in using current affairs as your references, using some historical references as your usage, anything, you can extend it to anything, any philosophy, any social cause. So the more knowledge you possess, the better sentences that you'll be able to create. It's specific to the situations. Okay, this is a metaphor. Now comes personification. Personification is something that you have come close to, but I'm just refining whatever you said. It's about comparing human entity to a non human entity. So simple example could be flowers are dancing. What is the situation? Going behind something happy. No. Do the flowers dance? What is the influence?
Speaker B: Wind.
Speaker A: Exactly. So because of the wind, the flowers are fluttering. So the fluttering of the flowers is portrayed as dance. So dance is a human element that is conveyed to the non animal element. The angry crowds are marching in the sky. What is the situation? Birds flying from the angry clouds are marching.
Speaker B: Rain, storm, thunderstorm.
Speaker A: Yes, it's just about to rain. So now you are able to connect there because you are able to understand these words in a much better way. So the angry clouds. Anger is a human entity that you are relating to. A non human entity, clouds. So immediately a visualization effect will be formed in your head, saying that, you know, dark clouds thundering everywhere, looming before the rain. So these are the pretty. So why exactly? Figures of speech. Figures of speech help you to stand out from the usual. So most of us go it in a very serious format during the general presentations or the work platforms that we go in. But if you are able to induce figures of speech in your presentations, it shows creativity. So particularly mentioning references and examples that audience can understand. So these are simple references that I gave you. If I use complex references, you will be bummed out, right? So similar thing can happen in your presentations when you're addressing your audience. So best way to start off with is using current affairs as a references. That is something that people will immediately connect, especially in financial point of view.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: So inside jokes that you can create.
Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Right, so all these three things. So we talked about visualization. We talked about being specific, specific, context specific choice of words and then showing creativity in your speech. So these three are some basics that you can try to focus on. I mean, it's about not learning some. Something new. You're trying to use your existing knowledge in a much better way by using all these three. It's about how well can you curate your content.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So I'll be forwarding you one document that I showed you. Articulation tools and concepts. It has information beyond this as well. But not everything is important. For now, just read whatever you feel that is important for you. You can leave the rest or can keep it for your future references.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. Hope these concepts will help you create a better draft as such. So. Yeah, yeah, let's look into that. And probably the mock presentation also will do it in our next conversation.
Speaker B: Okay, fine.
Speaker A: Okay. I completely leave it to your convenience. You don't need to put some extra hours. I mean, if you are able to take some time out and then do it, that is well and good. Otherwise, a brief without PPT. Also, we can do one more.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. I'll read about it and then ask you questions. Probably we can take on the budget.
Speaker B: You're seeing PP presentation on the budget?
Speaker A: Yeah. There. We'll focus on the body language. Fine.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Thank you, Deepak.
Speaker A: Thank you, Nizam. Thank you for your time.
Speaker B: Same here. Bye.
Speaker A: Have a nice day. Bye.
