Speaker A: Yeah. So this is the pre assessment report that I have prepared. So once we discuss this, I will send a hard copy to you. I'm yet to receive the manager inputs from your manager. So once I receive them also, I'll include those comments and then send you a fresh report. So in the pre assessment report, you'll have the link on which we have interacted. So we had interacted on Zoom prior to this program initiation. Based upon that link only, I have prepared this report. We have four basic levels, thinking, articulation, accuracy and results. Articulation, accuracy and presence. So within each level we have sub levels also. So in thinking, it's more to do with the structure and the flow part. How are you able to structure your thoughts? It has various intensities and articulation is all about how you're expressing those sorts. Interactionable words. Right. Accuracy has more to do with grammar, right. Correctness. And finally, the presence has to do with intonation and body language. This is the basic navigation part, how you can create this report. And for this particular program, we have given weighted averages for each capability. So for every client it changes. So in this, based upon the requirement from stakeholders, thinking is the main area that give a total concentration. Second priority area for us in this is articulation. Articulation as well as accuracy. These are the second priority, modest areas as well. And third is presence. So in this way, the weighted average distribution has been set up. These are the requirements that we have shared, you know, effective email block management, naming content for the presentation as well as the presentation etiquettes in our call, I mentioned this once. I receive your managers also, I'll include them here. And these are the levels on which I have placed you as of now. So these are your current levels that I, and these are your target levels that I want you to achieve.
Speaker B: So can you explain it?

Speaker A: Yes, I believe there is a mistake. Here it is l two c here, not l three c. I will update it. So I'll explain you these things in detail. So in thinking, if we are in level one, it's all based upon demonstrated behavior. Demonstrated behavior is how, what are the patterns that we are looking for? So if a person is able to showcase some comprehensiveness in the detail, basic understanding of the subject, then we place them in level one. The person is able to filter some details and the structuring is there in that subject. Then we place them in l two. And if there is in depth thought process and then logical framing, then the person is present. Lc. Similarly, El Fol is about pragmatism so conglomeration of different insights and then applying it to multiple contexts. So these are some comments that I have written for you. You can go through them and then see.
Speaker B: Can you explain the first this separating the thought process to exclusively thinking in English and Hindi will in a logical depth.
Speaker A: So there is a form called translation, because of which we tend to speak Hindi words in the game. So there's a separate thought process for Hindi language if you want to speak in a native tongue. And there's separate thought process that we need to practice if we have to speak in English. Both are quite different. So that is what I want you to basically identify. If you think in Hindi and then try to replicate the same in English, then the structure would be different. That's what leads to translation.
Speaker B: One. Think in English and tell in English.
Speaker A: Think in English and speak in English.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Generally we are in a habituation of thinking in our native slang as well. And speaking in English, it leads to translation because the grammatical structure of English is quite different from Hindi. So that is something that you need to identify also. Okay, can I move forward? And this is related to grammar as well as the presence as well. Grammar is something that we have been taking it for granted since a revision in grammar would actually establish correctness credibility. Probably we can have one or two sessions based on grammar to check your levels, as well as how we can give some basic aspects in our daily speech, some key points to remember, unique parts of which, so that we can apply it in our daily lives. Okay. And finally, the presence is second. Okay.
Speaker B: Finally, the presence.
Speaker A: So presence is little bit tricky for you because topics that you are comfortable with, you convey with your confidence. But if there is any sort of discomfortness that is clearly visible in your body language expressions, right? And if you don't get me wrong, the continuous movement is also in hindrance. It showcases casualness, but in future senses, it can be a difference. Body movement means casualness, a continuous movement. It showcases casualness, casual. In professionalism, it doesn't apply much. So there are different inferences. Both body language say kafi allagalag log allagalag samats. So in professional presentations, what we need to take care is maintain a neutral body language so that there is no science of reciprocation to the audience. So if you forget something, also let it not reflect in your face. Because if you forget something, that is something that you realized, but audience don't know that you are forward. All these things play a key important role in presentation space. So, as you already mentioned, that etiquette in presentation is something that you want to develop. We'll discuss this in deeper aspects. Okay. Clear with this report. Yeah. And these are some roadmap for each that I have tentatively proposed. So we can keep revisiting this. We can develop on this particular roadmap as you keep on having sessions IVLP as well as coaching sessions. Any changes or additions to be added to this particular report.
Speaker B: Perfect. As I wanted. Perfect. Hello.
Speaker A: Yeah, I just got a call.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So these are the things that I want to show first setting the premise about your current levels. So to start off with let's have a brief understanding about your thought process. Okay. Role play Karthi. So for this I want you to share any particular topic that you feel you are quite knowledgeable or passionate about.
Speaker B: Prime Minister Mister Modi.
Speaker A: Okay, let's select then Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Okay. So or you can choose broader aspect of politics. Prime Minister Nazi Pramodi's sensitive topic. Right now let's take indian politics. So here is a well established knowledgeable person on indian politics. So he has studied quality and economics and so on and so forth. So you are well known for it experience in the political background as well. So you have been invited for a talk convention. Hello. Hello.
Speaker B: Hello.
Speaker A: You have been. Am I audible now? Audible.
Speaker B: Audible.
Speaker A: Okay. So you have been invited to give a short talk in a convention. Okay. So the key details that you need to make a note is so you have to give a convention talk about indian politics. And the audience are in the age group of 20 to 24.
Speaker B: And you.

Speaker A: Have been allotted only ten minutes to speak on. Okay. These three are a main things. So based upon these three parameters what are the five key main points that you would like to discuss in that particular topic? So take a minute, understand this audience as well as the topic and the time constraint that you have only list on five key main points. Let me know when you're ready.
Speaker B: You know politics in India I will be starting with. And then after start what was the gap till now? Third why? Why the current generation was not interested in politics and what can be done. And last one would be whom to follow cs their role models in politics.
Speaker A: And give all the five points list down one by one.
Speaker B: Origin of politics in India started from freedom movement. After freedom Congress got only five points. So origin of politics in India, the gap from start till now and what was the reason nobody was interested in.
Speaker A: It.
Speaker B: And what are the things and whom can be followed as a role model in indian politics in the current scenario?
Speaker A: So now can you explain the logic about why these five points are relevant to the particular age group logic here. Logic. English. English. Let's continue.
Speaker B: Logic is first, I have to start with the key. What was the, where was, how did the politics originated in India? By which government?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And what was the reason? After a certain origination of that politics, only few families or few group of people were there. After that, we continue. Why was the young generation or the parents were feeling so good that their children should be kept away from the politics? And why it is needed right now for this generation to think about politics and work on our politics? It can be a. They can make a career in politics also. And third, why I will be putting few examples of you two or three people, what changes they have brought to politics and what better this young generation can do by helping them out.

Speaker A: So after listening to these five key points, what is the final message that you want the audience to perceive from your topic?
Speaker B: I would want audience to think politics has a career and they can do something good for the society by going in the politics, not by leaving them, leaving them and things which the hurdles which they are facing can be controlled by them only nobody else will come to do that.
Speaker A: So the reason why I did this particular activity, to know your thoughts. So if knowing that a purpose of your argument and given the age group, there are different ways to look at it. So this is what you have portrayed. So if I have to give a alternate view about how this five key points can be aligned, it would be based upon the analysis of audience. So 20 to 24 is a very, as you said, young age group. So all the. So some of the points, or actually all the points that you said would make relevance. But one point that would not make complete relevance and would be considered as judgmental is why the young Jaishmil is not interested in politics. It would be more like a prejudice statement. So you're already in a frame of mind of young JC is not interested in politics. But actually young generation is also interested in politics. They are actively trying to engage themselves through different platforms. But if we are able to correlate with any sort of data, then it's totally different. But it has an argument, counter argument and then normal argument also. So you can always reframe that statement as what is the status of young generation in the current politics can be.
Speaker B: Taken as an example on self that being a young, I was not interested in politics. I was not having a other than that. I can quote this also as an example.
Speaker A: Not interested in politics. That opinion.
Speaker B: That is maybe because being when I was young, I was not interested. So who made the magma?

Speaker A: Okay, so this is what we here. The most important point that I felt that can be more related to the audience would be the career part. People have limited knowledge about how to pursue a career in politics. So as this is a very young group and then quite active and then knowledgeable, you can probably categorize your audience into different sex. Category one of audience may be audience who have limited knowledge about politics and they just want to listen to you. This can be one category. Category two are people who are actively engaging in discussions. They participate in political discussions, they go to tv shows, you know, they encourage in social media and so on and so forth. This is one active group to support politics. Category number three, people who are already engaged in politics altogether, like they have led rallies or they have been in connections with a lot of political parties, they get to set the opair, right? This is categorization. And category number four would be someone who have come there only to network with you on various aspects, right. So when I am able to categorize my audience into four different sets, and you can have additional dimension also, that is totally up to you. Now, I'll have a clear vision. Now, based upon these categories, how many of my five key points will be relevant. So, based upon my understanding, if you see the career part would actually be more relevant. So you can take a bit of the introduction of politics and the gap that you have said and illustrate more on the carrier part. So suppose if you have to engage in politics in different demographics, what are the various ways career path cases and what are the capabilities and challenges that you might face while pursuing this career? They can prepare them mentally because you are an experienced person and they will look up to you, right? So whatever the information that you share, they will grasp it. So, wape, as you have limited time, you can just condense the whole argument in a limited manner. So you'll have very limited time to present all these things so quickly. You can just take them through it. Once this discussion is done, then you can probably interact with them offline, or they will come to you with asking questions, you know, then an elongated discussion can be done. So when you are able to categorize your audience and then have some analysis, your thought process becomes more aligned and structured, clear. So this is what we need to see. Most of the times when we speak or give presentations, we are unclear about what we have to talk. So always try to understand your audience. So how will they perceive it? Will they be interested in point to point conversation? Or do they like experiences to be showcased or do they like numbers to be shown what sort of audience they are? So based upon that, you have to create your content.
Speaker B: What if you are not knowing your audience? Who will be your audience? Then.

Speaker A: They can have an educated guest. So what are the typical situations where you don't know your audience?
Speaker B: Here you said it's 22 to 24 if there is a rally of any politician. So there you don't know what is the age number?
Speaker A: Yes, a mask rally of politicians is a brilliant point. Rally of politicians. If you observe the speech. So if you consider that speech, it will apply. It's about how one perceives that particular situation and then correlates there with your life. So horoscope kind of script politicians can. So every politician speech, if you see that, can be related to all the audience irrespective of their age group. That's why it's never specific. That's why it's very clean. But business context may be. See, we need specifics. So if you are having a team discussion with your colleagues, you would do it differently, right? If you're having with your top management, obviously you need to know a little bit about your top manager, what are their expectations? Or have an educated guess about their expectations. At least presentation cases are. And if they have a different expectation, you can read them while you're giving a presentation. So that is called understanding the body language of your audience. So suppose when you are giving presentation, you can obviously see whether the audience are interested in you or not. Body language. So based upon that, you can always adapt and then change the way you are approaching your. This is a basic platform that I want to. The thought process is a very logical sense and then it needs a little more mindfulness. Presentations, slides make Yakya done so immediately. Content, which is purposeful. So the point that you said when asked what is the key message that you want to deliver? I want the audience to perceive this as a career path. Not run away from it, but go along with it. That is your purpose. So if you identify that point first, then the rest will work. Okay, so just like to discuss this based upon a role play. So I'll be forwarding you two documents to understand thought process in detail. So one is called thought process. There are seven components of thinking which we can use and then try to practice the thought process approach. And the second document is a tool called mind map. I want you to explore these two documents and you have booked one session tomorrow. Can we have a general discussion around these two documents tomorrow. Will you be able to read go through these documents by today?
Speaker B: Then we can postpone that day after tomorrow. On 23rd.
Speaker A: Day after tomorrow? Friday. Hello?
Speaker B: On Friday. So.
