Speaker B: Base for the same to gathering some information related to market, related to the chemistry behind it or formulation behind it, some patterns, if available or not, so that we can patent it or not. So all this information need to gather and our team is working on it. And our topic of literature search is waterproofing anti skid coating. Anti skid tile coating. So very unique topic because the two different properties we need to combine together waterproofing as well as the anti skid performance and in a clear coat. So clear coat is basically very thin layer of coating in which both property need to be include. So highly difficult searching for almost ten days and not get any information, not get much information about this particular project, but relevant information gathered and send it to the concerned peoples.
Speaker A: Interesting.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I believe that, you know, if you have been given the same project, if you are in the work atmosphere, probably a lot more inputs can come because your colleagues should be there. The atmosphere, the environment will help you to gather more information and then give you more exposure about how you can do it. Being in home actually kind of reduces the efficiencies, whatever.
Speaker B: No, I, I don't think so. Because in research work, 80% of the work is done by the literature search, the right gather, gathering the information of correct information gathering of the literatures. So if you have the literature with you, automatically your 80% work will be reduced. Because most of the work is already done in the outside world. We don't know actually. So we can remove those things and we can incorporate some new findings into it, new things into it, then we can develop the product. So basically 80% work will be the literature and only 20% related to the experimental.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay. But when you do this literary survey, don't you discuss with other colleagues as such about what is going on in the outside world? And probably they, whether did they heard of this sort of news or any sort of literature?
Speaker B: No, basically what we do now, there are five to six people in our group. So, so all are from different, different backgrounds, by the way. So basically I am from the instrumentation group, two different persons from the same group, whatever the product they want to develop and other, from other groups as well. So the diversity will be there. So somebody knows something, somebody knows nothing. So, about that particular concept. So what we did, what we did, just, just search whatever you can related to product, related to pattern and gather the information insert of some excel sheet. So we have already defined some, some of the points with respect to that. So gather some key information, whatever you search from the literature into that excel sheet and share to the manager of that particular team. And then we will discuss about the concept or the pattern that you have searched in a team meeting. So basically what happens if suppose I have also searched the same thing, whatever my colleague did, but viewpoint will be different. I can view in a different sense. He can view in the different sense.
Speaker A: So basically you are two different subject matter experts. So yes, doing the same thing in different lenses.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Interesting. So then once you.
Speaker B: In this, in this way we can gather much more information about that particular product. So this is the whole thing that we are doing.
Speaker A: In general, how much time does it take for you to complete the literature survey and everything?
Speaker B: If I talk about this concept, because this concept is very unique. I didn't get any article which clearly says about whatever we claimed. So what I did, I did for search for waterproofing, I did search for some anti skid coating and tile coating and club and try to clap together. How can we develop the product out of it? So there are three different difference project and we have to club together. So no such information available directly in the Google or some sort of scholar or science direct and all that thing. So we need to come other literature into things and then we need to develop a product.

Speaker A: So do you have any sort of subscription for the same like official subscription to papers, research papers and everything?
Speaker B: We do have, we do have for sub certain journal only for I think two or three journals, which is the scientific journal, we can say, and rest of the commercial journal, but not all, only quoting related journal. We do have the subscription for them.
Speaker A: Great. All the best for your survey. Well, hope everything, sometimes the other thing cracks or you might come up with any sort of introduction.
Speaker B: Definitely, definitely. Because I searched about some ingredients which can help us in this particular project. So I have compiled all, everything and already the interim report submitted and today we will discuss about the final report of it.
Speaker A: Okay, let's move on with our question process. So what have we been up to before we discuss your word document, what have you been up to for the last two weeks? Only this particular project or anything related to?
Speaker B: No, I just gone through some of the webinars which is somewhat related to this project, but my completely focus on the instrumentation part, how to determine the performance if we develop such a kind of product. So just want to get the basic information about the, the characterization technique that may require for this particular project. Because from being the characterization group I need to know about the characterization techniques. So I had undergone about the four webinars for the tribology concept, one of the concept and from basic to the intermediate level. So. And one live webinar about the thickener, which is day to day routine for my work. Along with that, this nap exercise that you have given.

Speaker A: Okay, how, how did you find this exercise? I mean, first of all, the app as well as the exercise.
Speaker B: Very interesting. Very interesting. It is really similar to what I did for my, if I want to write some of the, some art article for research similar to that, because they have compiled everything from starting point to the end point, what happened, what we may be, what will be the consequences of it, how can they negotiate it and all that thing. So they have everything similar, but not in a technical language, maybe technical language for their theme in that particular context.
Speaker A: Yes, it is.
Speaker B: Yes. But whatever they did that is similar to what I did for my article writing process.
Speaker A: I read through your particular sheet. I found it really interesting. I mean, you have summarized it few points. So what was your approach for this particular write up?
Speaker B: Initially I just read many times, almost five to six times I have gone through that particular nap and I don't know how much time I read all the cy when and all that thing. So basically I just want to get the information, what they have written into it and how they try to compile everything together. They have given some references of some of the news agencies, then some of the experts and all that you, everything well compiled. So I just, I thought, key, if I write the same way, whatever they write, so I don't think so my document will be really nice than whatever they have written because they have really concise all the concept in different, different points. So what I did, I just summarize it into a few sentences, whatever they write. So basically I try first I read many times loudly, whatever the words that I don't know, I just try to find out the word, the meaning of the word. And then I try to summarize in my words in between what happened somewhere I just stopped because I want to build up a story out of it during the summary. So I again read that those naps and completed my summary.

Speaker A: So what are some new words that you learned as you kept anything that you can remember?
Speaker B: Restraint.
Speaker A: Okay, what does restraint mean?
Speaker B: Hostility. Hostile. So these are the few words that.
Speaker A: I done, probably restrain and hostility are something that you may not get to use in your work life, but yeah, yeah, good words. The topic that you have chosen was something like that. Okay. So while going through this, there are still minute areas where grammar can be improved and the structure of sentence can be improved. Okay. So as you keep on reading. I am just viewing it import a perfection point of as you are a research scholar and then you make it. So. For example.
Speaker B: Yeah. I just want to add more thing you have suggested in the last meeting that I need to segregate. If I. If I want to achieve some of the goals, I need to segregate everything into three different points. And green, red and everything. So related to that, the same topic was discussed in TEDx talk.
Speaker A: Oh, okay.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I also gone through about the 20 minutes for learning the concept. So this is the overall theme of the TEDx talk. And I have gone through that particular talk.
Speaker A: Which Tedx talk?
Speaker B: 20 minutes for learning the concept.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay. You may forward me the link. I'll go through it on WhatsApp. Because this is a ryg technique, is something that I've learned during my post graduation.
Speaker B: Oh.

Speaker A: So for monitoring and evaluation of any particular project, let's say, if we are implementing any social scheme, whether to know whether it has an impact or not. So is to execute projects for wildlife.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So in that particular projects, in order to monitor and evaluate this rog system is what we used to use. So each and every action should be categorized in a particular.
Speaker B: From there.
Speaker A: I got it. It's interesting that the same replication of idea is there.
Speaker B: Yeah. No, but the concept you have told to me, that is a statistical concept where I need to segregate all the points in the green color.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: Yeah. But in this particular talk, they have only segregated the concept, the topic then segregated the things that you want to achieve and then do it appropriately. So this is the whole thing that they talk. I will just share the link to you.
Speaker A: Yeah, share me. It will be interesting. Good.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Thank you.
Speaker B: Yeah, please.

Speaker A: Okay. So have you read this particular write up that you have sent it to me? Did you try reading it out loud?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: No, no. Before sending it to me, did you read it?
Speaker B: Yeah, many times. Many times. Even just now? Also I read it because for your.
Speaker A: Reference, I'll read it this time. Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And then we can identify some of the areas here.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. Uh, key learnings from the nap. Thorough research on the topic of interest. Segregation of whole story in six segments. We can use into also.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Precise abstract of the story at initiation. Highlighted content describes importance selection of unique words. So indian and chinese soldiers had violent face off in Galvan valley of Ladakh on the 16 June 2020 in which India had lost 20 men. This goes. Believe it. However, China confirms the report of violent face off, but refuses to report any casualties from either side. The situation remains tense along the Indian China Indochina or India China border India China three eight 4 km border as soldiers from both the countries were showing a restraint. This is the first violated incident after 1975 where four indian soldiers died in gunfire. This incident was unique as there were no gunfire took place and still such a huge casualty was happening. This is where things are going little wrong.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: This incident was quite unique as there was no. There was. Okay, okay. There was no gunfire exchanged is a better word. Okay. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Sorry. And still such a huge casual. What's happened is you again business coming into. So all these things can be avoided.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So this can be reframed as this was unique as there was no gunfire exchanged and yet resulted in heavy catchment. According to various reports, there were sticks, stone pelting and clubs wrapped in barbed wire. So when you already started with there were again. You are using. You are used. So it's a redundancy.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Can you see that? So you can directly say usage again. Instead of word. There was usage of sticks or stones. Instead of stone pelting you can say stones because you're saying usage. Right. And clubs wrapped in barbed wire. This can be omitted because you already used here.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: During one to one battle which caused many lives. You know why it causes. When do you use causes? Try to imagine. Causes cub use curtail. Hello. Causes. Causes.
Speaker B: Present tense.
Speaker A: You know, just think of when do you use the word causes and when do you use the word cost.
Speaker B: Okay. Caused. It may cause essay.
Speaker A: It may.
Speaker B: It may cause. Yeah.
Speaker A: A U. S. E presenter.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So abuse of that sentence. We use kiji. Whatever. Use it in sentence.
Speaker B: Okay. So already caused mutlab already ho chuka already happened. That's why.
Speaker A: Simple.
Speaker B: Okay. So same sentence I need to repeat.
Speaker A: No, no, no. Any random sentence you can make.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Causd use karna.
Speaker B: This may caused in heavy casualties. This may cause heavy casualties.
Speaker A: It's simple. Simple. I'll tell you.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. What is cause of this? Exceeded? What are the causes of this? Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Accident. When was this.
Speaker B: Cost.
Speaker A: So you're referring something that has already happened. Accident was caused due to negligence causes. These are the causes for the accidents. So the tense changes and then the meaning also changes subsequently. Can you just give me 1 minute? I will come back.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Got it. So if you are having tough time about this present, past and future, always remember one thing. You remember the activity that we did about. You know how to frame words with single word, double word and then think in that point of view. When do we use this particular word? It will give you a better idea how simple as it is. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Has caused many lives and serious injury to many soldiers from either side. The battle took place for 4 hours, in which China also suffered heavy losses. As per the indian media. That's all. As per indian media, you have said it, the cause for incidence is still unclear. You can make it incident. The cause for the incident is still unclear as both parties make allegations.
Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Make allegations. Allegations on each other. Or you can say made allegation. Made allegations on each other. Experts cited several reasons for the violence at LSE. Okay. Mistakes.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Thought processes are clearer here. Also experts, I hope you get the gist. So when I read in, generally, I don't see much problem in it, but because you are a person who is. Who should be writing more of research, I thought we'll do a complete analysis of this. So teacher like for you especially, I thought I'll do it. Congratulate.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. Because you need to understand this because it will affect your particular area of expertise. Don't worry. Slowly. Learning process grammar is not an easy thing to master. It takes time as well as you need some sort of environment where people can correct you also.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And the only way to do. Because if you don't have any particular person to correct you or discuss the logic behind each grammar sentence, the only way to master yourself is through exercises. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Or.
Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Great. So you can make the changes appropriate, you know, accordingly in this particular aspect. So they're only smile.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Minute changes. Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Now that you have read, you know, the particular map and everything, and you have written some of the key points. So suppose now, if you have to summarize it through a short speech for three minutes, you know, don't refer to the document. Nothing. If you have to generally talk about it with me, let's give it a try. Let's say that, you know, you have heard about the news, about Indochina clash in the news, and then a short kind of burst you are doing, or short blog, video blog that you are presenting to the audience like that, you can present it.
Speaker B: Yeah, give me a minute.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: So, can we start? Yeah. India China border had a violent face off at Galwan Valley near Ladakh on the 15 June 2020 in which India lost their 20 mains, including a colonial rank officer Santosh Pabu. The reason behind this face off is unclear, but both the parties are making allegations on each other for this incidence. Though there is no gunfire, though there was no gunfire was happened in this incident. But the stone pelting and using the sticks with barbed wires make takes many casualties for the both parties. There are several attempts were made by both the parties to resolve such an incidence as these incidents were happening for almost one month where the military level as well as the diplomatic level was talk going on. But still such incidents was happened on the Galvan one. Why incidents? Why this incidence happens at Galvan valley? There are several reasons behind it as the experts says onto this Galvan valley is a strategic area for the CP strategic area for the both the parties. As the China's ambitious project CPEC is going through these regions and India can monitor everything from this particular point. Also the last petrolling point of India was the dawn beg oldi all the military movements can go from this region only. So Dholak Bay is also important for the Siachen from Sia Siyachin is the highest mountain point from where India can watch both the China as well as Pakistan and they can fire onto it. So this is the reason behind it why Galban valley is so important for China. Undemarkated line between two countries. Most of the times what happened. India also went to their territory. Indian soldier also went to their territory. Chinese also come to our territory. But these times the incidence happens with the violence. What this triggers, which is not really known to everybody. Both the parties were de escalated at this moment of time and constantly saying that we will resolve this situation, we will resolve this situation by diplomatic ways. That's the thing. Deepak, your wife is this is not there. Yeah.

Speaker A: How did you feel about your particular summary?
Speaker B: Yeah, you suddenly asked me and I just compiled every compile everything in just talk.
Speaker A: There was a lot of discomfort that was visible on your face.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, I have, uh. Because I have not, uh. Prepared for it. I'm not prepared for.
Speaker A: Even though you are not prepared that you know that should not be reflected in your face, right?
Speaker B: No, I have prepared. In terms of writing the summary, I have not prepared for the talk, for giving the talk. I need to segregate all these things. Whatever, whatever I have written into some points and then I should talk on it. I can talk on it. So basically I have not did it properly.
Speaker A: That's fine. So this is the end goal for you, right? So anyway, when you read any particular sort of document or any sort of news, irrespective, this should be there in your mind. What are some few points that I'm going to illustrate and then give it the preparedness that you're talking about it that will be never known to audience. If you are able to convince the audience that with your body language itself that you can talk about this particular incident. That is more than enough that showcase that you're prepared. No need to go into the details. So you are setting roadblocks for your particular approach. You know, there's so much this goes on for presentations that, you know, there's something that I've prepared, but I was not able to tell in my presentation. I forgot it so immediately that, you know, distress will be showcased. But audience have absolutely no idea of how much depth that you have prepared. So this is an advantage for a speaker.
Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Always remember that, you know, sometimes if you can lie about it, you surely. So lying is a very brilliant way of mastering this. But it's not about. I'm not saying that we should lie, but try not to showcase the emotions. If you have some sort of confidence that, you know, I can talk about this topic, but not completely, use your articulation and body language to your advantage. So let's say if we have to talk about Indochina class that has happened and you're not so confident and thorough about talking about it. Because I'm not actually quite clean about the specifics of the incident. But these are some of the points that I could gather from the news as well as the reading from the newspaper that, you know, the incidents took place violently and it was wishes that the clubs with powered by were used to shatter each other. The bodies were completely distorted at the both ends and the news was not quite clear with the chinese government. Even though India has openly expressed that 20 casualties have been identified so far and then many of them are still injured. This is something that is not expected in the 20th century. So some of these statements can help you. Okay. Even though you're not confident, try not to showcase it as if you are having a conversation with someone. That's how the confidence will be and it keeps on improving. So you can go with some easy ones. So try with topics that you're comfortable with most and then slowly escalate it to topics that you are not familiar with. So topics that you are not familiar with might need some extensive homework to read about and then get to know about the knowledge and the specific terms that needs to be used. But always you can practice this with your topics that you are comfortable. So what are some topics that you are comfortable with apart from painting in general.
Speaker B: And technical? Related to characterization technique. Related to characterization techniques. As a characterization, characterization technique, analytical techniques.

Speaker A: Something that you are passionate about. Okay. Have you gone through this? Quantitative techniques and then courses. Have you done that? No.
Speaker B: No. No, not. Not that one. Some of the instrumentation technique that. I want to say so. Which measures some of the parameters of paints or polymers and whatever.
Speaker A: Apart from work, what is that you are passionate about?
Speaker B: I usually read only technical articles. Not.
Speaker A: Technical articles. Then there should be something that you are interested in.
