Speaker A: It. Good afternoon.
Speaker B: Good afternoon, Aya, how are you?
Speaker A: I'm good, Gaurav, how are you?
Speaker B: Absolutely fine, thank you. And so how do we start?
Speaker A: Okay, great. So you would have been talking to Ashish all this while, but you are stuck with me today. So deal with me and then you can get like learn more from him during the workshop. Okay?
Speaker B: Okay. Fortunately, fortunately I have not been talking to Ashish. This is my like first time I have been like recently nominated.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So I have not interacted anything. This is just like a first session for me.

Speaker A: Okay, so Ashish will be coming down for your workshop. Okay. Ashish is the founder of our organization that I'm currently working with. I see. So since he is the best person to actually. But he was stuck with work today, so I took over some of his responsibility. Actually, he handed it over to me. So cool. Let's have a chat with Gaurav and Nitin today. So I'm excited to talk to you. So Gaurav, this call is mainly regarding getting to know you, getting to know your routine, getting to know your work and getting to understand that how can you leverage this program to your hundred percent most possible way and how can beneficial for you in the long run. Okay, right before any of it, TK, why don't you start telling me something about yourself?
Speaker B: Sure, I will do that. Basically I am a 40 year old civil engineer. I did my engineering from Rec Bhopal. After that I did like a short program from IAM Calcutta. And it was like a six months young professional program. And I started my career with company called Punjulo Head which used to be amongst the like topmost engineering company in India. And now I have joined around three months back. Basically my four days in project management. And right now I'm looking after the US project. We have a operation in us. So that's, that's one of the reason why like it was felt and it was decided that I go ahead and do this particular program. When I joined this company, like I was told that there's like a gap in terms of communication between the US team and the India team. And apparently this gap is because of like various factors. You know, like there are a lot of cultural differences. Lot of like pronunciation differences would be there. The jargons and maybe the way and the thinking and the way of expressions that would be like, something is conveyed and people different light. So that's the reason like I thought to go over through this program, other thing that was felt like when you convey your point in a certain way, maybe the opposing end, like who is to get the message is not being he doesn't get the right context for it. Maybe is a scope for improvement in me, like, so that I am able to communicate more effectively. It's not exactly the proficiency part of English as a language, but as a communication altogether. So that's where the need was felt. Enroll for this particular program. And I would tell you, like I have. I'm well read since my school days. I used to read a lot of novels, Hardy boys and all those were like stuff we were, we grew up with. But like, when it comes to movie, I'm not a movie buff. So I do watch lot of movies, but not to that extent, like which people watch nowadays. Yeah, I get that one. And you can say I'm little spendthrift with my words. I'm not like a big communicator. I don't talk much. Maybe that. That's something which I have to, like work on. So that's about me. And if you talk about my family like, I'm married, I have eight years son. He goes to Dubai here. And like for last five. Last five years I am in the Middle East. I was in Qatar and now I have shifted to Dubai. So this is where like I am, I'm based out of. And originally I belong to a place called Rajasthan. Rajasthan in India. And like for since 2000 I was based in Delhi. That's where I used to, like work.
Speaker A: Okay, nice, nice. Good to hear, Gaurav, that's a huge journey for you, isn't it?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And a lot of experience. Like, I'm very intrigued. I want to ask you so many questions. But that is for right now, I keep it more related to the program. Okay, Gaurav, now since you explained me your whole background, you also mentioned why you want to be a part of this program. How is this program going to help you or how can you leverage the need of it? Cool. I like the whole idea which you mentioned. I have noted things down for you. The questions or basically the depth in which I want to go ahead is right now regarding your role. So right now you have been associated with Sterling and Wilson for quite some time and also mentioned that you have some us clients. So start with what is the department that you're working with?
Speaker B: What is your. I will. I will clarify it. Basically it's not about us client. I look after us operation.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly why I need to answer. Got the whole role end to end. So I was literally in the whole background. Now you gave me like information from all the areas of life. Right. Focus on what your role is, what your work is. And I want to understand end to end. Yeah.
Speaker B: No, no, no one. See, basically my voice is coming over clearly.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. Basically my forte is project management, as I said. And we have a company in us which are getting projects, we are executing projects there. My role is like I am a project controls person, basically to monitor both the physical and financial progress of the projects that are being executed in the US. Those are my roles. So basically I have to deal with like all the intercompany, like our team back there in us and like look into the various aspects, analyze the situations our, like where we lag, put it, put in a plan in place where what we have to do, what are action plans and then like escalate if required or do some teamwork with the team based out there and get the things moving so that we are able to like achieve our targets both in terms of like meeting the project schedule for the client as well as to achieve the financial projections that has been budgeted for. That's, that's my role can say even in project management, I am a planning and cost control.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker A: Okay, got it.
Speaker B: So, okay, I will add on to it. Like for the overall operations of the US office, I also coordinate for like various meetings regarding contractual matters, regarding like all, any administrative or all those matters. So like I have to be the focal point to like arrange those meeting, conduct those meetings so that the, it goes to the logical ends and conclusions are drawn from it for it and tracked for execution.
Speaker A: Which means basically handling the whole operations end to end in two major, with two major stakeholders. Group. You don't have a single stakeholder, obviously. So you have client end who is a stakeholder for you. You have organization which is a stakeholder for you as a group. And you're standing right there in the middle. Am I correct?
Speaker B: Not exactly. Because client side is being done by our team in us. Basically my in the US is our team. Like we have been set up so that those team members and of course.
Speaker A: So you do not directly get in touch with your clients?
Speaker B: No, no, no. Because there's a team. Yeah. They are project managers and senior people in us team. They are handling. Not at the moment, but of course, maybe down the line. Definitely I will interact with them.
Speaker A: I hope that happens soon.
Speaker B: It will.

Speaker A: Okay, so Gaurav, help me understand this. You seem to be quite sorted with the whole work aspect. I don't think there's a problem quite there. Like time management coordination. When you're working in a virtual space with external teams, right. So obviously something which can be managed. Now there are two or three things which caught my attention earlier when it comes to your need from this program. First one was obviously understanding the client better. So how they speak, what is the language they speak in, what are their jargons and we adopt it. And how do we adopt it in a manner that tomorrow if you have to change your client, let's say us kids, you shouldn't be mixing both of it. So I can. I should be able to speak Spanish and German individually at the same time.
Speaker B: See, personally speaking that should not be a problem for me because like when I was in Qatar or maybe like in my previous assignment when I worked with a malaysian company and a turkish company I have been like multicultural team all throughout. Like I was in business development, in corporate strategy. So I have been handling like multiple nationalities, multicultural team. So I can like shift between those things, understand like their cultural outlook and like create what you call a good rapport to.

Speaker A: You seem like a very social person. That's a very nice thing, right?
Speaker B: But, but, but like sometimes what happens? Like sometimes things in a pressure cooker sort of situation, things come up like you are given to like do something, analyze, make a report and then like you have your, what you call a two second bit of thing to do and to explain to a person, maybe your boss and who doesn't have time and like who and for whom you have made the report and he needs to. No. So to put it in a way, like in those 2 seconds if you are not able to like convey the message, what you want to convey there, there. What is the, like my problem which I think my boss says like sometimes I am found lacking in that. So that's like in those situation in like those few moments if you have to convey in a manner that it's crystal clear that is something I need definitely want to work on here.
Speaker A: And just noting it down side by side so that it just means in loop so that I understand if I'm missing or not. You also need to work a bit. You also want to work a bit on your structure of the whole presentations and the conversations also, right? So how do you structure your thoughts, structure your emotions, put it forward, be a bit assertive at the same time, be impactful. Right. And do you also need help with the like handling emotions of yourself as well as the team in your workplace, time management sort of things?
Speaker B: Why not? Why not? Yes, definitely. If it can be improved, why not?
Speaker A: Because you may be already a master at it. So I'm just.
Speaker B: No, nobody is a master. There is always room for improvement.

Speaker A: So you can see, I understand that handling emotions in our place is one of the most tedious jobs. So we cannot avoid certain situations that we can always change our behavior.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So that is something which is, which has always fascinated me because I really understand that how do some people manage to stay so cool and calm and composed even when people are running like crazy chicken of us? Right. So that works. I have noted these things down. Gaurav, you said that you like reading books and you follow quite classical retro as well as modern. Right. So can you tell me some of your favorite reads till date?
Speaker B: Favorite books?
Speaker A: Favorite reads? Yeah. Favorite books or favorite authors?
Speaker B: Well, it's being long. Like during my, like I told you, like, I did a program with IiM Calcutta. So at that time I read through JRD, Tata's autobiography, rather biography. It was beyond the Blue Mountain or something like that. And my, one of my projects. Yeah. So, and I like the thrillers, basically fiction, Mario puzzle and all those stuff. But I would. I should tell you, like, it's been long. Must be more than five years. I have not picked up any book because of the time. Like basically in, like in my previous assignment, I used to like travel 100 project side. So it was like, get it? It was like six to nine sort of timeline for me. So there was like no scope.
Speaker A: Gaurav, tell me right now with your role and even thinking of the future. So right now you're dealing with these us office based for you guys or us consultants, if I'm not wrong.
Speaker B: No, no. Our own team members, your own office.

Speaker A: Okay. So strolling and listing us employees. So tell me, what issues do you come across in terms of incidents? Obviously, you gave me the larger picture in terms of problems. I want to see that those minor issues, what is the impact that is actually speaking? I am just deviated because of those one or two.
Speaker B: Yeah, actually speaking. So far, nothing. Like, I have been only into this job for three months. Personally speaking, if you ask me, I have not faced like any problem. They are here only now. And they apparently not for me, but like as a group, it was felt that these were the feedback that used to come. Like the gaps that I was talking about. Like, what was conveyed, what was. What was felt on the other side. And like, there was gap in communication. So that's what, like I was suggested to do this particular program and always, it's always good to like improve and learn and learn and of course, get yourself assessed.
Speaker A: So that always works. Gaurav, you just know where you are.
Speaker B: Exactly. Exactly. If you don't interact with people.
Speaker A: Because.
Speaker B: You live in your own ghettos. So in your silos you will never know where you are. Maybe the world has moved, they have set the bar too high and you remain like a cell in self belief that I am the one, but it's not the case. So basically nothing so far, frankly speaking. But yes, sometimes like I find little out of place. Like when, you know, like when people start speaking jargons or like not speaking. Like sometimes they matter. Like at the end of conversation, sometimes they mutter or like pass on a joke. Then sometimes you, you, you just miss the context. That would be like the local sort of thing. So. And the conversation may not be that clear for you to like pick it up. That that may be like, that is the only thing. Like I could think of. Nothing. Nothing else so far.
Speaker A: You still have a long way to go with us, obviously, and see it's all about how we can help you reach your goals. So I want to be more realistic, but at the same time be optimistic and keep some dreamy goals as well. So some long term so that you start rolling in a way. Because obviously I understand that you have been working for so long, maybe you took out time for your education. So right now we'll try focusing more on habit building aspects.
Speaker B: Okay?
Speaker A: And that is the best part about being a part of our program.
Speaker B: Okay?
Speaker A: So do not worry. Take a seat back. The only thing which you have to do, Gaurav, is take out half an hour every week for your coaching. That is the only challenge that is going to be there. So that is something which you will have to do half an hour or 1 hour depending on how many calls are being asked by your client.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: Besides that, I have noted anything down. Everything down which you have mentioned right now. Uh, do you. Is there anything in specific that you want me to take care of.
Speaker B: Which.

Speaker A: You have missed during these conversations? Yeah, it is at the back of the head.
Speaker B: Nothing I can think of at the moment. But yes, definitely if like something comes up is very heavily on the. Definitely I will like mail it across.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: The quote is all yours. If you have any questions, you are free to ask or otherwise we can call it a day. And you can go back to your work.
Speaker B: Well, I thought you were saying you are giving me a leave. Call it off and go back home. No.
Speaker A: Well, I really wish I had the authority to do that. I would have surely done that.
Speaker B: No. Then you can give me homework that go and visit the mall. That's your homework for the day. Jokes apart, one thing just, I wanted to know, like, you know, like you said to, like, bring it from within to coach yourself.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: See, basically what I wanted to know is, like, would you be also coaching us on the presentation part of it? Like, something like, which is called the presenting with presence, sort of, so that, like, you, your audience. Okay, that's. That's weird. That's. That's.
Speaker A: I'll just give you a overall, uh, idea about our, uh, capabilities that we focus on. Obviously, the most important one for us is the thought flow is something which makes or breaks the whole content. And people understand con kidna extent in order to all sales people, salesmen in this earth, right. All of us are trying to convince, persuade, negotiate throughout the day in terms of making strategic decisions. Right. And how can you support your audience? Everything comes from. No TK.
Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: This. Our brain is connected to few of our sense organs, isn't it? So basically, the whole body, but majority, for our face, for our mouth, for our throat. These are the three things. Especially when it comes to the field of communication. Our brain is very strongly connected to these three things. So whatever we see, whatever we hear, whatever that is, which comes out of our mouth, and the throat is responsible for bringing that voice out. Right? So the thoughts becomes words. Right? So that brings me to the choice of words. That is our second capability, articulation.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: So our articulation may be meaningful. You need to have that hygiene. Right? So let's say office. Jana hai. I need to have at least a formal coat in the pant. I can't go in a. With a jeans and a t shirt and a tone jacket and a leather boots. I can't do that, right? So, yeah, talks about the basic hygiene. Kitty, kids, sentence banana. To express my thoughts. But the language or the sentence should appear hygienic. So that particular aspect is called accuracy. Basically, it talks about grammatical errors. Okay, so that is something which is very important. So around your verbal communication, talks about presence. Ticket overall presents so up to presence. I generally categorize it into two things. The first one is what appears she can. One is what you can listen. Anything related to grooming your body language, how your hand gesture should be, how your eyes should work, how your facial expressions should be controlled, how good or neat your hair should be, how your leg gestures should be. Let's say you're sitting with your point like toes pointed out. So how your toe structure should be, anything from the tip of the head to the tip of my nails in the toe, anything. That category is being covered under the whole body language aspect.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And last but not the least, comes your tone, your voice modulation. So right now I was talking to you. I had this very interesting conversation where you had those good highs, good lows. You were keeping the whole conversation interactive. So you know that you are interested in a person to talk to. Even if you are meeting them for the first time. Or even if there may be people whom we have met for the hundredth time, we still have that energy. Or there are people who are. Whom we are meeting for like the fifth or 6th time, and we just not like that person. So our whole tone goes to a toss.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: More sarcastic at times if you are not professional setting, just giving you an example. So how do I modulate my tone in a manner where I put my point forward, I hold pauses. My or my sound is impactful and listening to me.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: It just came on the top of my head, the five things. Right?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: But how can I create empathy? My tone, that part of presence. So for you, specifically in this program, along with the presence, the first three aspects are given more priority. It's all about thought because is comparatively easier.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: And this because content building takes more time. You know it. So obviously I can. Do you want me to add presentations and presence as a part of your learning?
Speaker B: Yes, yes, do that, please.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And one more thing, like you talked about the voice modulation or like. So like while you were conversing with me, did you find my tone to be little high?
Speaker A: I did not. Because maybe I also am a person with a high pitch dependency on the client. Right. So if I'm talking to a japanese person, this is not how I'm going to talk. So I'll have the humble and grateful tone with them. But if I'm talking to an american, my pitch will be even higher than the one that I'm talking to. Whereas if I'm talking to a person from UK, my pitch, somewhere between the japanese and the indian culture, we need to be able to understand our tone.
Speaker B: But yes, like, sometimes I feel like I have a. Like a high pitch. You can like, it's a natural. My natural voice is little towards the higher side.
Speaker A: I don't think I'll be the right person to say that because I in my learning stage regarding that. So I think when Ashish during the workshop, feel free to ask him this question. And the best person to answer that to you because he is the one who deals with all the clients. And he reads people, he understands people, he understands cultures. So I think him this question.
Speaker B: Sure, sure. But definitely I would be like delighted if you can share some feedback based on small interaction that we have. So that like it. Even if I can improve on one aspect, it's.

Speaker A: See, Gaurav, me sharing your feedback right now on the basis of a 20 minutes conversation I had.
Speaker B: Difficult, difficult.
Speaker A: It's very difficult, Hannah, because I haven't seen you in work setting. This is just a very casual conversation we had. Right.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: It's like two pals sitting across each other having a cup of chai and chatting over.
Speaker B: No, no, no. You touched the right tone because like even when we were kid our english teacher used to say that your language has to be dramatically and grammatically correct. And what you said in those many words were like exactly what we were taught in.
Speaker A: Thank you so much. Thank you so much. I will take that as a compliment.
Speaker B: Oh, yes, of course. Thank you.
Speaker A: Thank you so much. Gaurav, I really had so much fun chatting with you. Like I have spoken to so many people in many days. But this was fun conversation I have had.
Speaker B: Same. Same. Looking forward. I think if Ashish is unavailable, we will be delighted to have you on board.
Speaker A: You can reach out to me anytime. That is going to be a problem.
Speaker B: Okay, thank you. See you then. Bye.
Speaker A: Thank you. Thank you so much, Gaurav. Take care. Come.
Speaker B: Not so lucky. See you then.
Speaker A: Bye bye. Take care.
Speaker B: Thank you. Same to you. Bye.
