Speaker A: Hello.
Speaker B: Hello, hello.
Speaker A: Hi, Rashmi, how are you?
Speaker B: Hi, I'm good. How are you doing?
Speaker A: Can you enable your video please?
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker A: Could you enable your video please?
Speaker B: Yeah, I can see.
Speaker A: No, I can't see you by the way.
Speaker B: Okay. All right. Okay, yeah, great.
Speaker A: How have you been? Good. Good is a very subjective word. Anyway, so I heard that, you know, December is quite a hectic week because after this thing the holidays will pick up. So you have a lot of projects to finish. Hope work is going full flow.
Speaker B: Yeah, but we have block leaves now that in that leaves we can. I can utilize those.
Speaker A: Have you planned any vacation for.
Speaker B: No, in broccoli I'm there. I'm not going anywhere.
Speaker A: So for Christmas and new year, nowhere near.
Speaker B: Only for one day. I'll be out. Otherwise I'm there.
Speaker A: No vacations plan. Okay, fine.
Speaker B: In December? No. January maybe.
Speaker A: Nice to. So how is the coaching coming so far? Any sort of.
Speaker B: Yeah, these Saturdays and they are not anything but those whatever videos you shared me, all those videos are just going through and some, I think exercise are there. So I have not finished all the exercise, but yeah, two, 3 hours still pending.

Speaker A: Have you explored the exercises in general?
Speaker B: Explore in the sense, I mean, have.
Speaker A: You tried going through at least one or two of them? Try to apply. I tried correlating the learnings from the video to the exercises. That is something that I want you to do.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I saw all the videos and I attend some exercises also. Still, some are pending that I will finish in two, three years.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's fine. So now if I have to ask you that, you know, after watching all those videos, so if you have to, you know, summarize them in your own words based upon whatever you remember about these things, whatever made sense to you or any sort of, through any sort of examples to do that, what problem.
Speaker B: I'm facing, like he does. I know the rule. It should not be do, it should be does only. It should be es only. But by talking, I always forgot that it should be does. That is the thing. Like this present past tense and whatever is plus ing has been plus ing these rules. I know, but of course this is the revision for me and. But while talking, while writing, I'm forgetting all these rules.
Speaker A: Why do you think that happens? Even though when you're familiar with this logic, why do you think it happens?
Speaker B: Why do you think it?
Speaker A: Why do you think it happens even though, as you said, the basics are quite strong, that you are well aware, why do you think I'm not using.
Speaker B: It every day now? That is the issue. Because I'm not speaking in English every day. I'm not writing emails every day. That is the thing. Whenever I'm writing that time, I have to think, and then I have to write to that time. It is. I have to link everything, my experience or whatever I know and these things, so that I have to start like practice. That is the main thing. I have to start writing.
Speaker A: And writing, actually, you can start with the writing itself. So suppose if you have to summarize all these things into a specific document altogether, just what is your understanding on grammar about parts of speech in your own words? Parts of speech, like all the parts of speech, you know, noun, pronoun, adverb, adjective, tense. Right. Preposition, article. So there are basic seven parts of speech. So if all of these are something that you're familiar with, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And then, you know, some basic rules of the each and all of them, I'm still confused.
Speaker B: In, like, in time or on time, I'm always confused. It should be in time or on time even. I'm at home. I'm at home. I'm in the home. Like that. So these whatever videos are there. Those are quite. They are elaborate. All the things, they are. Explain the logic behind it. But still in. Sometimes I always confuse you. It should be in time or on.

Speaker A: Time, as that confusion is still there. So, as you said, you know, rightly pointed out that the videos can give you an idea about these concepts, but they cannot make you learn each and every dynamics of it, right? So those all things comes with practice.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. But if I want to start these things in my day to day, like learning. Oh, yeah. Just work to work. Day to day work. So how to start?
Speaker A: Okay, good. So even before you actually start applying in your work, I want you to take some personal time and then apply it for your own. Check for yourself. How well are you able to write? So, for example, once you have seen all these videos, now if you have to summarize them into one particular article, how would you do it? Write it down.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. For example, this is a sample one. So. So after watching each and every videos, this is something that I could mention it.
Speaker B: Okay? Okay.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: I prepared such type of notes in my notebook.
Speaker A: Now, if one has to read this document and learn it, so you can start writing it. Something like that. So the basic or the ideal word order for any sentence is written with six basic elements like that. So you start putting down in words whatever your understanding is.
Speaker B: Okay, got it.
Speaker A: Right. So you write in a paragraph format.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.
Speaker A: This is your basic learning. What did you understand? So how would you elaborate in a paragraph?
Speaker B: Yeah, got it.
Speaker A: So this is something that you can do along with your learning. It helps you to frame your understanding.
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.
Speaker A: Similarly, and use your. Your own examples. Don't use examples from the videos. Right. Frame your own example. It should be. Everything should be original.
Speaker B: Got it.
Speaker A: So some. Something like I've written like this, you know, some examples for uncountable nouns are like this. And the is called indefinite article. It is used when you want to use someone or something for the second time.
Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: So everything is quite evident like this. So you can always elaborate these kind of. So this is one way that you can always apply. So whatever you are learning on an everyday basis, try to summarize those things.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Whatever you understood, summarize and make it in notes for your own. Okay. This becomes a writing practice. And apart from this, there is one more way through which, especially for propositions that in time, on time, these are all some things that are hard to come up with because there are more than 50 propositions. So for each and every proposition, we cannot, you know, remember that only we can use this proposition here. And also, it is impossible. The only way to get command over prepositions, because those are quite important to maintain the link between the elements of order, is to practice making sentence. Okay, we'll do that step by step today itself.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. So after exploring this document only, I came up with the storytelling activity that, you know, I gave you 25 words, right?
Speaker B: That day.
Speaker A: Yes. You refused to write.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: That is the discomfort. So now I'll take you through step by step. How about how you can achieve that? Let's do it today itself.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And then by the end of the day, I want you to choose some 25 words, and then you write a story on it, and then you can tell it to me. Okay, so these are common preposition combinations that everyone. So all these words are commonly used, which are arranged in alpha particular, and these are the common propositions that go along with. Okay, okay. Suppose I give you a combination like accompanied by. Can you use it in a sentence? Can you make a sentence right now? This one, accompanied, accompanied by. Yeah.
Speaker B: I attend the train. I attend the business commission training accompanied by, accompanying by Nikki.
Speaker A: I have attended a training session accompanied by Nikki. Or you can say, I have attended.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So now I want to write everything. I want you to write every sentence that you're playing. Okay, next.
Speaker B: I have attended it. Okay, attended the.
Speaker A: Then next. Addicted to.
Speaker B: Addicted to Nikki. Is addicted to Nikki addicted to reading? Addicted to. Tell me. Nikki is addicted to share small things with me.
Speaker A: Can you use addicted to there? Where? When is addicted used? In what sort of context is addicted?
Speaker B: Addict? Addiction is any addiction.
Speaker A: Yeah. So how would you use it in a center? It can be anything. It shouldn't be about Nikki.
Speaker B: Always I thought how to continue with.
Speaker A: No, no. It can be any random thing. Yeah, any random thing. Just give me a sentence. Simple sentence.
Speaker B: Okay. Right now I'm taking Nikki only. Nikki is addicted to read all the books. All the.
Speaker A: You can say Nikki is addicted to alcohol also. She won't know. Right. Don't stop yourself. You know, you can explore anything. People get addicted to alcohol very easily. This is a simple statement.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I am addicted to sugar. So there are different sentences that can come immediately. You don't need to put push yourself. You should first of all remove the boundaries, the moral boundaries that you keep. Right. Remove them.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: This won't go out of the room. So you are free to use any sort of language and then any sort of context, any dark theories you have. Do it. I need sentences. That's all.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. I'm addicted to sweets.
Speaker A: Next. Anxious about.
Speaker B: Anxious about. Anxious means. Exactly. Yeah. I'm anxious about height.
Speaker A: That is fear.
Speaker B: Fear. Anxious. Darkness. Dark.
Speaker A: Okay. You can use something like, you know, I'm anxious about traveling alone in the dark or walking alone in the dark. Or you can use it. I am anxious about tomorrow's meeting.
Speaker B: Yeah. That day I was very anxious about the second day session actually. Because I was aware to do something in the next.
Speaker A: So that's why people have anxiety. Appreciated for next.
Speaker B: Appreciated for my son. Always appreciated for my desserts or for my. Any dishes.
Speaker A: Give me a firm sentence. Don't put doubt into that sentence that you're giving. Give me an sr. Two one. If you're telling it, tell it confidently.
Speaker B: I'm always appreciated for my work. For my.
Speaker A: You're always appreciated for my work. Simple as it is. I'm not looking for any complexity. Is astonished by. Astonished by. Don't refer to anything. Just. Just give me a simple sentence.
Speaker B: I don't know. Astonish. Exactly. That is my great.
Speaker A: So you have your mobile. Please search. Astonished. What does astonish mean?
Speaker B: Surprised.
Speaker A: Right. And then don't. Don't stop there. Whenever you're checking any new word, check the spelling first. Check how it is pronounced. Right. And then you check the definition. You check the synonyms. And then you check the examples where this word is used. Once you check the examples now you try to frame your own examples based upon the examples that are given. So this is one practice that you have to start doing it. So whenever you're coming across the road doesn't mean that you check in the dictionary. Now there you are just doing 10% of the job. There's so many things that people give regarding one word. So it is our duty to explore the word thoroughly so that we can use it appropriately to the full potential. Now what. What sort of examples did they give.
Speaker B: Here in the mobile? You're asking?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: She astonished everybody by announcing her engagement.
Speaker A: By announcing her engagement. Now I want to use astonished by in a sentence.
Speaker B: I astonished by seeing someone in my house first time or someone in someone in my office first time. I'm surprised by watching.
Speaker A: Come on, come on. Come on. Come on. You can do it.
Speaker B: Actually, sorry.

Speaker A: I was astonished by, you know, the performance. I was astonished by yesterday's cricket match. Something.
Speaker B: Cricket match. Okay.
Speaker A: Anything. You know, by the result I've been. I was astonished by the way my manager gave me feedback.
Speaker B: My manager announced my promotion that day. I was really astonished.
Speaker A: See, now you can use it. That was really announced. Congratulations. Brilliant ad.
Speaker B: Brilliant ad. Brilliant ad. I'm brilliant at my work. I'm my cooking. I'm brilliant at my cooking. At my cooking.
Speaker A: Now give me a different context altogether with using pre knit ad. I can say, you know, 13th indigo is more.
Speaker B: Enough. More brilliant at brown, at cricket ground.
Speaker A: Who?
Speaker B: Sachin.
Speaker A: Sachin is brilliant at playing cover drive. Sachin is brilliant at playing cover drive. Okay, now I'm using like that.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Hussain Bolt is brilliant at 100 meters sprint.
Speaker B: Come again? Same.
Speaker A: Hussein Bolt is brilliant at hundred meter sprint. No. The millennials are brilliant at destroying their lives with Internet. So you can use in different causes. The last one, I didn't use it out of a general there. I was using sarcasm.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Well, you can use it. So don't restrict your mind to anything. You use it in different context. Okay. Capable of. When you give me this sentence, I want you to tell it firmly, confidently.
Speaker B: I don't think so. This container is capable of 100 and the litter milk.
Speaker A: What is the doubt?
Speaker B: Actually, my capable of is mostly human being capability. Now it's not non living thinker capability, right?
Speaker A: It can be anything.
Speaker B: It can be anything.
Speaker A: So this kind, there is no restriction. Please don't restrict your thoughts.
Speaker B: That is correct or not. This container is not capable of.
Speaker A: Capable of holding hundred liters of milk.
Speaker B: Holding. Okay. Holding 100 liter milk.

Speaker A: Right. Now you are able to. All these words are something that you're familiar with, but now you start. Once you start making sentences. Now it might be little difficult for you, but once you sit through for with this sheet, start making sentences of your own. So you can make five different sentences with one combination itself, right. Once you sit and then write it down, it becomes easier for you to check. So after you write and then you revise these sentences, you read it out loud. Then you can see whether the grammar is aligning or not. There you can focus on grammar rather than focusing the grammar, the articulation, the thoughts, everything at once. Now you're isolating each and every task. Now, the first is focusing on creating the sentence, making it proper, using all the elements of word order that you learned. Then once you. Then you're engaging your thought process to build different sentences with the same combination. Third, you check the grammar. Then you reframe your words. This can be easy practice for you. Right?
Speaker B: But whatever I'm writing, somebody has to check now whether I write written correct or not.
Speaker A: So you can always write those sentences, keep a track of it. Or you can share an excel sheet with me daily that, you know, I made these many sentences, I can always correct it and then come back to you.
Speaker B: Okay, that is good.
Speaker A: That is what a coach does. Okay, now next is you don't stop here now. Now you take it to a level up. Once you are making comfortable sending and making sentences, one combination. Now you double it. So I want you to make a sentence using busy width and capacity for both should come in single sentence.
Speaker B: Capacity for specific number. Specific the capacity for.
Speaker A: Write it down. Write it down. Don't think. Write it down.
Speaker B: Though my capacity. Mini though capacity for 3 hours traveling Doma capacity is doma capacities for traveling for 3 hours. Traveling for 3 hours before start my work before traveling for 3 hours. My capacity is traveling for 3 hours.
Speaker A: My staff is. My staff is busy with the projects and I do not have the capacity for engaging a new project altogether. Okay, come up with a different. Now, I gave you one reference, you can come up with a different one. Now I can extend to macro also, the world is busy with a lot of racism and it does not have the capacity for dealing with climate change issues. Now I'm using a little bit of deeper insight and sarcasm there. Itna deep Janiki Jarvati example.
Speaker B: Thank you. Okay. All right. I'll start something right now. How to write.
Speaker A: Workshop. You're escaping here also.
Speaker B: If you escape, I'm so scared. I don't know.
Speaker A: Okay, let's. Let's do it. So now we understand? Right. How to take it a level up. You used to and then you try to paint.
Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Then you use three altogether. And then. Now it's time for you to use two. And then frame five different sentences. Once you're compatible there, use three. And then frame five different sentences like that. So before we end this session. I want you to frame three different sentences with only one compilation. Can we do that?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: The choice of word is yours. From a to B. A.
Speaker B: Okay. Got it.
Speaker A: What's a combination? Chaya?
Speaker B: Only one?
Speaker A: Yeah. First of all, we will be dealing with homework as you suggested.
Speaker B: Different from.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: I'm different from others.
Speaker A: Give me three different. Three different words. Three different sentences. See. Three different sentences.
Speaker B: I mean from different word only. No, different from.
Speaker A: Different from using.
Speaker B: Different from.
Speaker A: I want you to create sentences.
Speaker B: One is. I'm different from others.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Number one.
Speaker B: Um. Mumbai is a city. Mumbai is the different in. Mumbai is a city. Different from all other major. All of the metro cities.
Speaker A: Mumbai is quite different from all the other metro cities.
Speaker B: Okay. Quite different from our other metro cities. Third. Train traveling is different from. Is quite crowded. Train traveling is different from. Car traveling.
Speaker A: Conflict.
Speaker B: Train traveling is different from. Is a different experience from.
Speaker A: Different. Experience. Different from me.
Speaker B: Different from. Is different from others.
Speaker A: Like.
Speaker B: Train traveling is different from.
Speaker A: Flagstaff. Okay.
Speaker B: Third one. Indian culture is quite different from western western culture.
Speaker A: Please give me an f two sentence. Otherwise I won't approve.
Speaker B: Indian culture is quite different from. From the Africans.
Speaker A: From the african culture. Complete the sentence from the african. Yeah. Indian culture is much different from. Quite different. Form is more different from.
Speaker B: Is more different from.

Speaker A: Okay, last one word that I'll give you have to frame three sentences. Okay. Impact on.
Speaker B: Impact on.
Speaker A: Please write. Write three of them down. And then you come back to me. You have time till you have five minutes to complete.
Speaker B: Do you like? And if this is one day for. Speech of Amdivala is more effective and more effective. More effective. We can see in patron all the senior citizens. One is ready. Should I tell.
Speaker A: No. Three of them completed. And then we come back.
Speaker B: Systems. Impact on all the systems. The father. My father is very strict. Sing and practice. Okay. The third one. Should I tell you?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: First one. Speech of Ramdev baba is very effective. So that is it. Very effective. So that we can see the impact on. All the senior citizens are exercising daily.
Speaker A: Okay. Next.
Speaker B: Second one. I can see the impact on my son after the final cricket match.
Speaker A: 3Rd.
Speaker B: Third one. My father is very strict. And the same impact on all of us. On all the sisters.
Speaker A: The same impact on it had the similar impact.
Speaker B: Same impact on all of us.
Speaker A: Similar impact on all of us. And my siblings it had similar impact on me and my siblings.
Speaker B: It had.
Speaker A: So the idea, even the first sentence when you wrote it right, when you read it again, it is grammatically incorrect.
Speaker B: Yeah, it is incorrect now.
Speaker A: So first you come out with sentences, except whatever sentences that you're framing. Now how to next step is how do I make it better where it is lacking? Is it lacking the correct choice of word? Is it lacking the grammar part? Now try to isolate each and every problem and then overcome the problem one by one.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. So for this, if you want my help, I need access to all of your sentences that you're making from your original thought.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So it would be great if you can create an excel sheet. It can be an online excel sheet, and then you can start noting down all the sentences in that Android day wise. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So that I can also go through it whenever I find time and then specify the problem where exactly it is lacking. And then what are the possibilities of any of rework that can be done? Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So this is one exercise that we can keep throughout the, so this can be an ongoing thing for you.
Speaker B: Last time you said you are going to send me one excel sheet. That is, I think, one exercise.
Speaker A: What order excel sheet.
Speaker B: But I'm not used to that.
Speaker A: Yeah. Prior to that, I want you to get all good concepts of the videos first. I'll send that sheet as well, just for you.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: Is there anything else I could help you with for now?
Speaker B: Okay, I'll first write those sentences daily and share with you.
Speaker A: Is this procedure feasible with you? Are you able to now do more retrospect about your own knowledge?
Speaker B: Yes, yes. I started actually.
Speaker A: Now this can be very simple exercise to start off with slowly. Once you get comfortable, we move on to more complicated ones. We'll increase the level one by one. Okay.
Speaker B: But only thing, I just wanted to tell you that last week of January, I may not be there.
Speaker A: Okay. That workshop thing that we are able to, so don't think of that as of now. Let's focus on these coaching sessions. Let's make the best of whatever the coaching systems can offer both of us.
Speaker B: Okay?
Speaker A: Okay, great. Thank you for your time, Rashmi. Keep it going. Have a nice day. Bye.
Speaker B: Thank you.
