Speaker A: Hello?
Speaker B: Hello.
Speaker A: Hi, Rashmi.
Speaker B: Hiya. I can't see you.
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Hi, Rashmi. Good morning.
Speaker B: Good morning.
Speaker A: How is it going with you? You look to, you seem to be in a very nice mood today.
Speaker B: Yeah. Because it's Friday.
Speaker A: So looking forward some weekend activities.
Speaker B: These activities only have to finish. That's it.
Speaker A: The usual family time, obviously, I guess, yeah. So so far, how has been the whole aspect of were you able to, you know, graduate to the next level of making sentences or.
Speaker B: Yeah, I downloaded that theorosis thesaurus. Sorry, thesaurus application. I started Google sheets also.
Speaker A: Then I prepared with me. That would be great. Sorry, could you share the link with me?
Speaker B: Today only I learned how to prepare and all, so I'll. In the weekend I prepared and I'll share it.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I'll give you some feedback whenever I find time and then whatever. So you can just continuously keep on updating it. Maintain one sheet.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. That would be great. Okay, so today's agenda was to discuss the whole grammar as one unit and then try to see the correlation between all the activities. So we'll be covering basically five key aspects of grammar, which is what? Order, tenses, adverse adjectives, position, both time, expression, place, expression, as well as articles. So some of the basics of these things were covered in those videos. So hope you could grasp those points. Right. So just give me a minute, I'll share it up for you. Thank you for waiting. So try to prepare a short capsule like this, you know, where you try to note on, you know, simple ideas.
Speaker B: You showed me earlier and you asked me to prepare like this only.
Speaker A: Right. So this capture will help you to just, you know, look at any sort of dots. If you have or if you get something or just to revisit these basics, this would help. So, yeah, just briefly, trying to understand is if you have gone through those videos, the most important thing from the word order video, that the key learning is how the elements of order range and then what do they signify and how do they interact with each other. Right. Next is articles. So key tellings. We use a and an. When you use someone or something for the first time, or someone or someone is in the group and. But how do we decide whether it is a or an? It's based upon the consonant sounds of the vowel sounds, correct.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And try to create examples of your own. It will be easy. And then we don't use a. And when you're mentioning something for the first time, especially for plural, nose, and uncountable nouns.
Speaker B: Sorry, I can't hear you. Hello.
Speaker A: Hello.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Now, is it audible?
Speaker B: Now it is audible. Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay, so some examples of plural nouns, uncountable sounds you can create.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And then when the is used, then you have already mentioned it. And then you mentioned it for the second time. So on and so forth. Right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Adverbs and adjectives. So these are all the basics that we can cover. And then now it's time to relate all these things into one picture. So are you familiar with tenses?
Speaker B: Yeah, I think last time we discussed this, you showed me one table. We have. Sorry, this time you said, last time we discussed the tenses and all. You showed me one table also. And last time you said, now in this session, we will start with paranormal combined sentences.
Speaker A: Right. So that is different. Whatever tenses that I thought correlation is different. I'm saying that this is a capsule that you can make.
Speaker B: Okay?
Speaker A: So that what we discussed last time was something like this. I mean, we had this one.
Speaker B: Yeah, this one.
Speaker A: This is different. This, we try to. Yeah. This, we try to engage all the things. And then we have done this. So I'm just suggesting that you maintain a capsule where you have your learnings about each and every grammar concept. Then it will be easier for you to prepare these sentences.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So now I'm going to give you a little detail about some articulation. How we can incorporate articulation, right. How to come up with. So you have been. You have explored thesaurus as well, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: When it comes to articulation, there are three important things you need to consider. Okay. One is framing of sentences. How you are able to do that.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So you can use elements of border, also the flow. You can see how they work.
Speaker B: Okay?
Speaker A: Right. So if you put y element in the beginning or how end event in the beginning, how do. How the sentences come out? This is something that you can go through. This is one way. And the second aspect of the flamingo sentence is visualization.
Speaker B: Visualization.
Speaker A: So let us explore visualization. For a simple example, can you read out these lines?
Speaker B: Consider the following lines. We were very poor when I was young. We had no clothes to wear, no toys to play, and no money to buy food.
Speaker A: Okay, thank you. Okay, now read this time.
Speaker B: Okay. I was born in breached shake in 1991. We had thin roof that allowed water to drip when it rained. My mother made me wear steel clothes and big holes in it. I played with crush, crush ball all day and steal stale food from our roadside vendors. Okay, here, just elaborate the disease.
Speaker A: Now, I want you to analyze and then tell me what is the similarity. And the major difference between these two lines. The similarity or similarity.
Speaker B: Similarity is the thing. Whatever meaning of this two super.
Speaker A: It's same only what do they talk about?
Speaker B: They're talking about their past and.
Speaker A: What was. What is the context in the past.
Speaker B: Regarding their financial or financial situation only.
Speaker A: So for financial situation, there's a word that you can coin called poverty. So the context is poverty.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Both the lines talk about poverty.
Speaker B: Poverty.
Speaker A: Now what is the difference between these two issues?
Speaker B: Difference in between, they are just elaborate the. In second part, they elaborate the things. It is giving more information in second para.
Speaker A: So more information or specific information. That is. So if you see, you can. When you read the first line, you can understand that the person is poor, but you cannot visualize it. Create a mental picture in your head. You can visualize it when you read the second line because wretched Shack, 1991, tin roof, water that is dripping pale clothes with big holes, crushed ball stealing. So you can now picture eyes. The whole scenario where this person is growing up, how his living conditions is. So when you are able to mention these specific words, you can instill visualization in your audience. And then when you are able to do that, the connect becomes easier. That's why people who are famous writers, if you read those, you know, writing style, there are clear signs of these specific words. So context is poverty. So related to poverty. Those related choice of words were app to this context.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. So when one person visualizes in this format, the outcome that we are looking for is easy. Connect.
Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: When a person narrates a story, you like it because the flow of information is good, the voice modulation is good and you will be. So connect is something that you can do. So these are the situations where you, you can use visualization while showcasing your experience. So, yeah, as you have 15 years of experience. Right. So there are so many instances where you have come across so many kind of diverse problems to solve and then projects to work on various people that we got involved with. Right. So these are all your key ingredients to showcase your credibility. That's why storytelling is important. And then you can note down what are the major checkpoints, what are the turning points, what were the projects which, you know, made you work. So all these, you, you have the liberty to showcase them. That showcasing can be done when you write them down. Write a para, write them down. Write, write down your experiences.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So try to see where can I use these experiences with home.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: So make sure those are visualization, kind of an oriented paragraph.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: If you're able to show, if you're explaining an experience, you should take down through the whole memory layer. Right. So that way they'll be also interested when they'll ask more questions about it. Visualization is one key for this specificity is also very important. So choice of word specific to the context. We have already seen how we can get through. It's. Yes, using thesaurus.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So initially it will be a little bit tricky, but as you keep on practicing writing a lot, then you become more aware of your usage.
Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So, and the other things that you can always use is figures of speech. Are you familiar with figures of speech?
Speaker B: Figures of speech in the sense, if any person start that speech, he has to explain what are the points he is going to be discussed or some key points.
Speaker A: That is context.
Speaker B: That is context. Okay. Because of speech in the sense.
Speaker A: No worries, I'll explain it to you. So these are so writing a normal sentence is easy, but writing, creative writing or innovative writing is where figures of speech will come into picture.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So visualization is first thing that we have already seen. How to create that mental, you know, side taste, touch, smell and hearing. So all the senses can be evoked by visualization. So, oh, you know, these, when you touch it tastes delicious, a little bit salty smell or hearing a screeching voice, so on and so forth. This is some clear idea, you know, hot July, suncast on orange glare. So this is a mental picture that one creates. Cool waves crashed over my feet as you walked around.
Speaker B: As we walk, right? Yeah.
Speaker A: This is a webinar that I prepared for a badge. Just showing some simple examples that you, so that you can understand. The delicate white bird flew gracefully through the blue sky. So this is the first figure of speech called simile. So simile is where you use like or as like the wind. Howaja said, how are you? Simile.
Speaker B: Simile. Okay.
Speaker A: Rashmi, you need to practice reading.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You are not doing that loud reading thing that we discussed.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm not doing.
Speaker A: So please do practice reading. It is really important because if you don't practice, you won't train your voice. No matter how many concepts you learn, how many sentences you frame. At the end of the day, the execution is important. That you're training your voices as important. So it needs to be done daily. As we discussed responsibility. Some more examples. Could you read them out loud?
Speaker B: The snow was as thick as a blanket. She was as light as a feather. You are acting like a baby. He felt like a bug under microscope. His temper was as explosive as a volcano.

Speaker A: So can you identify how these things are coming out? I mean, there's some sort of creativity attached to it. You know, saying that he is angry, he is having very bad temper. So you can explain that in a different way. You know, very, very angry. Instead of seeing very, very angry, you cannot put very, very. Right. Baby. Sir, he's very, very angry. Don't talk to him. Right. His temper was as explosive as a volcano. There you are saying that it's blasting of a volcano, the whole scenario. So there you are gauging the degree of the anger. You cannot quantify it. Right. But these kind of things help you to show the intensity of the situation.
Speaker B: Correct?
Speaker A: Can you try this?
Speaker B: The following is not another example of. Same way. He is as messy as a teak. When he eats, he eats like a pig. He is a pig. Is not. Not. I think last, he is a pig. Is not a dragon.
Speaker A: No. This is just a webinar format. Yeah.
Speaker B: It's not a simile because even her does not compare the two unlike things. Correct.
Speaker A: Second one is metaphor. So metaphor is also very similar to silly. But here it is about having comparing two indirect things. Indirectly, you convey this message. There it is direct comparison using the like and as here it is indirect comparison.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Read them out.
Speaker B: Simile. Fido is like a teddy bear. Fido is as soft as teddy bear. Metabolic. Fido is a teddy bear.
Speaker A: That's all metaphor.
Speaker B: Use the following example to figure out the definition of metaphor. Okay. That boy is like a pig. That boy is as messy as a pig. That boy is a pig.
Speaker A: So when you are saying that that boy is a pig, there, multiple things come out. Interpretation.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So interpretations would be a pig as in he's a richer, he's, you know, he doesn't respect people, doesn't care about anything. So there are multiple interpretations that you can take out of metaphor, but seemingly you are directly specific. The characteristics only are comparable.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. In general example, also, I can give you, I can give from another is metaphor. Simply, if I give you a sentence like this, Mumbai has become a concrete jungle.
Speaker B: Sorry?
Speaker A: Mumbai is a concrete jungle.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: What is the interpretation?
Speaker B: Interpretation is there is no jungle or greenery in the Mumbai right now. Everywhere big buildings are there surrounded with buildings only. That's it. And less of gardens or any greenery portion area.
Speaker A: Jungle is synonymous to the dens or thickness, so on and so forth. There. Here is concrete is the, as you said, buildings. So it's like a jungle made with buildings. Concrete. So this is the way to showcase your lines. This is one form of metaphor, okay. Or another. Sarcasm oriented people. I just kiss the gates of hell a while ago. He's the guest gates of hell.
Speaker B: Gates of the hell. Okay. And then he has just come back from the hell. Go to hell. Okay. From that bad situation.

Speaker A: Very near death experience unchecked. Next is hyperbole. So hyperbole is where you will be more specific. This is. This introduces and then shows that you actually do take care of the details of the sound. So this is where we exaggerate things in a different way. So as the first scientist. My backpack weighs a ton. Does it actually weigh a ton? No, but you're focusing the intensity there. Hyperbole. They were exaggerating basically everything. I'm feeling as if I'm in Antarctica right now. We do say that. Yeah, it's not that. So this is somewhere we take the extremes, some of the examples, but it won't be. He's saying it will be very big.
Speaker B: I had told you millions.
Speaker A: He tell her. I told you million times. Did he actually tell him that is not that. So these are all called hyperboles. Can you try this?
Speaker B: A major under understatement. The opposite of exaggeration.
Speaker A: Exaggeration. Are you familiar with that word? Exaggeration?
Speaker B: Yeah, but exaggeration means a major. Understand the opposite of exaggeration.
Speaker A: Exaggeration means.
Speaker B: Oh, I'm exaggerating. I know, but I can't explain means lot of burden is there. So I'm just. That is exaggeration only. Now.
Speaker A: What do we do when we are not familiar with the word?
Speaker B: We'll see in dictionary and how to search dictionary. Make yakya first how to see the.
Speaker A: Go through the process.
Speaker B: Go through the spelling, please go through.
Speaker A: It and then tell me what do you understand by exaggeration?
Speaker B: Exaggeration.
Speaker A: Get it clarified. Get it clarified. And then tell me exactly absent after this.
Speaker B: Atishokti. It's rather an exaggeration to say that all students are lazy. It's a representation of something in an excessive manner. Has been a familiar figure in western culture since it at least aristotle discussion of the.
Speaker A: You know, when you present any sort of an argument and then you showcase that these are the numbers that we feel we can take it up based upon these numbers. We feel that we need to take this decision. Then someone will say, you know, your numbers are exaggerated.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Or your inference is exaggerated based upon the numbers. You're taking a long shot from the unsure line.
Speaker B: Basically correct more than it really is. Okay. Making it more than it really is.
Speaker A: True.
Speaker B: Statement that accurately describes person, place or thing a major is exaggeration. Exaggeration or overstatement used for emphasis or humor.
Speaker A: So this is the best definition. The third one.
Speaker B: Okay, author. Use this figure of speech to emphasize a point or add humor. Think about many times in a day you exaggerate what you see and use hyperpol.
Speaker A: This is small one that I don't know how much will be useful, but give you an idea. So onomatopoeia is what it says.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So these are all the things that we randomly, you know, buzzing around. Phone rings. So we associate the sound with the situation. Cow moves, groom, quag. So these are used for in storytelling as well as well based upon the situations. These are very situational based, you know, not on a professional level, but while networking with someone, you know, slurping. These are all the things. So you give the. You associate the sounds with the actions. Okay. This is very important. So personification is a thing where we try to associate a human thing to a non human entity.
Speaker B: I think we discussed it on the.
Speaker A: Workshop itself in that workshop.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. So I'll show, show you some few examples to go through.
Speaker B: The example was referring to our wave and the below tree is long and shook her wrong hair. The tree is given to at.
Speaker A: Okay, got it?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Are you able to do it? Relate. Yeah, these are some examples.
Speaker B: The car danced across the icy road. The angry clouds march across the sky. And we crouched across the spot, winked at me. The tulips nodded their heads in the trees.
Speaker A: So what was the indications or interpretations from these sentences? First sentence, what was the visualization aspect? Can you interpret?
Speaker B: Yeah. Like if they are just saying the car going across the icy road, it will be. It won't be able to visualize properly. But dance is. I can connect to my. To the human characteristics or whatever. It is more specific and. And easy to connect.
Speaker A: Now I want you to interpret, I mean, what does the car dance across the ic Dorbin?
Speaker B: It was not dance in the sense it's going haywire.
Speaker A: Exactly. Please tell me, what do you understand? See, this is the way you need to express.
Speaker B: See, ic road is.
Speaker A: Always gives absurd statements.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: As I said, don't be in a doubtful. I don't know, maybe you know, these are all the things we want to avoid. If you're sure about something, please convey it in a short manner.
Speaker B: Icy road is always slippery. It is difficult to drive on that road. So that is why that car was not drill going smoothly. It was just dancing across the road.
Speaker A: Right. So you can say that, you know, here, the icy road, most of the times we have, whenever we have ice on the road, it slips. So here, the haywire, as you said, of the car, is not able to get the traction. So the slipperyness of the car is personified as dance. The second one, try to interpret it. The second one.
Speaker B: Three clouds march across the sky. Clouds, they are given the example of angry man, like, angry man who just shouts.
Speaker A: So here, angry clouds march across the sky. So try to visualize us.
Speaker B: March across the sky. March means marching. And that is the thing. Yeah. That is the thing. Only, yeah.
Speaker A: So marching means, what sort of situation is this?
Speaker B: All clouds are just coming together. And it is because of that, a loud voice is there and yes, yes, you're connecting. Yeah. And more wind and all, though.

Speaker A: So just before a storm. Just before a storm. Imagine the situation. Just before the storm. All the clouds loom. And then, you know, they make a lot of sound and they move fast here and there across the sky. So those are denoted as angry clouds. So as they are moving along in different directions, that is denoted by marching. So angry is an entity of human. Marching is an entity of human that we are correlating to a non clouds. Third one, try to interpret it. The stars in the clear night sky winked at me, winking kamat.
Speaker B: They are just looking at me.
Speaker A: Winking kamatla. Pate. Winking kamatla.
Speaker B: Okay, I thought blinking one eye very quickly. Okay. Stars in the clear night sky winked at me, and they are just blinking. So that is why I'm thinking they are giving me.
Speaker A: So this is a situation where, you know, someone is just relaxing down, you know, lying down, and then looking at the sky. They think that they're winging the tulips nodded their heads in the breeze.
Speaker B: In the breeze, tulip, in that picture, it's showing us tulip is tall. Like, when they are moving, we are. Like, we are thinking. Like, someone is just nodding their heads.
Speaker A: So these are all some of the things that you can pursue. And then in generally, you can research about these things. Figures of speech. Three things are more than enough. Similarly, metaphor and personification. These three things, if you are able to gather and then use it. So now, if I ask you to frame a sentence in a metaphor sense or personification, will you be able to frame this?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Like right now let's, let's, let's create them. So give me an example of simile. Not from there, from your own similar of that.
Speaker B: So and so. Elephant call her walk is like a elephant.
Speaker A: Sorry?
Speaker B: Elephant Kai walk. Right. Actually walk is like an elephant.
Speaker A: So that's why I'm saying don't Hindi. Please think in English. This is the whole idea here. You have to think in English in order to convey this. So if you think in Hindi or Marathi, you'll translate or sentence as a hojai.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. You do one thing, another. We have less than you understood these concepts, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Research about these three. Okay. Give me five sentences of simile. Five sentences of metaphor, five sentences of personification.
Speaker B: Okay, that's okay.
Speaker A: By the end of the day, just write them down in an email and then you just made it to.
Speaker B: Otherwise put it in Google sheet.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. You can put it in that Google sheet and then you can do it as well.
Speaker B: Yeah, no issues. Whatever I'm preparing. It's. I'm only doing great.
Speaker A: Do that and hope this helps the figures of speech to take you into the next level of articulation.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So now you can start practicing writing as well. So choose any particular topic. Okay. And then in our next conversation, we'll try to analyze your write up. Any topic, social, philosophical, personal, anything. Or you can just, you know, give an experience. Interesting. Hatsawa. Holy cleggy. So by when can we send this write up? I just need one page write up this weekend.
Speaker B: I'll prepare. I'll send you by Saturday or Sunday night.
Speaker A: Okay? Yeah. Details of this write up, please maintain it in times new roman font.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Times new roman and font size twelve.
Speaker B: Font size twelve. Okay.
Speaker A: Point wise. Nay, complete paragraph.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. One page pair that will more than do. So we are meeting again on Monday or Tuesday, maybe not Monday. Ah, so regarding Monday, I have to give you a detail. So Monday afternoon you have scheduled one session on 315. Thing is that I will be. I'll be traveling on that day in the second half, so won't be able to attend your session. Can we move that to. I mean, the only day that I'm free again is on 24th. On 24th. 24th. Also you have booked one session, 01:00 session. Yeah, we'll meet on 24th directly. So I'll be canceling this session. So you have now ample amount of time to practice as much as you can.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So please keep doing so. Reading. Loud reading. Please get back to the tracks. Writing you can practice and then explore because of speech.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And do email me if you have any doubts. I'll help you out.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. But last week of January. I'm not dead.
Speaker A: Yeah, that you have already told me. Last week.
Speaker B: I'm 27, on your side.
