Speaker A: Like small time job and all. Then, like, last, from last six to seven month, he started doing trading, right. His own. He learned that he take some online classes, coaching. Now he's, yeah, not. Not a good job, but it's okay that he is getting something like, from the trading, like few. Some amount so that he can survive, like including his salary. So I was thinking, like, it's a. If we can have that platform to the people, like maybe who seeks. Don't have an employment, though. They have some kind of investment they are ready to do because I have seen the people in the hometown people have the money, but they don't have a job. So there's a platform that we can build, maybe an app where. Where we can, like, we can categorize the age group, right. First they, like people, like, more than 20 years of peers age them an idea online. Right. What. What can. What will be the ideas from where they can earn the money? But, like. Right. And also on top of that, we can. We can have the webinars from the experts, suppose, like, like they can invest in sips. Right. And like. Or maybe stocks. So maybe we can have that, what we say webinars and that too thing is free. And we can. We can get the sponsorship from the. There are many apps, like Zerodha.
Speaker B: Is there, like, what is the main purpose of the app?

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah. So, yeah, so main purpose. Main purpose is that providing a platform or not providing a platform to make the people aware that there. There are many multiple ways or ways from them they can look at and. And get the income. Not only the traditional way. Like if you have a. Especially about my home, hometown, like, get a job, government job, like nine to five job or something. So. Or maybe there are many of friends there. They do the farming at home, my hometown, so they can. They have spare time. They can do something like that. Right. And also in farming as well. Right. And now I'm seeing the farming, the farming, like, we are doing very traditional farming my place, correct. Yeah. We have a stick to very, uh, the traditional crops. So by, I got a chance in the last one to visit my, one of my friends waiting on the weekend, and I visited his. His farm. I think he's doing the food farming that have, uh, it's very new. So that, that's the thing that we can build in. Okay. You can get, like, you can build in the new crops also. You can get new crops or the fruits where you can get more income out of it.
Speaker B: So using hybrid seeds. Right, which have.
Speaker A: Exactly. Yeah. And there's a new like new crops. But like in my area we have bananas and oranges. They can, they can go for the like they have option like dragon fruit, Thai lemon and all those things. Right.
Speaker B: Dragon fruit is tricky.

Speaker A: Yeah I know. I visited my friend's farm uh the, he's uh, he's doing for look he just planted that uh, plants for the dragon fruits and so he's like it will take two to 3 hours to sorry, years to get him the production to go. Yeah. So it has. And that is one part and second part is like this is about like 20 plus and second part is like students I have seen even I experience in myself like when I was in twelve, right. Was doing the studies in the school and the junior college here. So we, we are not aware of the much options. So we only know the engineering and doctoral. So that is only two options. We don't that any other things. I have seen the people right now when I interact with the students here like 10th class, twelve class, they say they mostly they are preparing for the engineering and medical. So considering that looking at the current scenarios there are many, many opportunities like I am a pharma graduate even I was doing for, I was preparing for a medical but I unfortunately didn't work out then I have opted that this way. But I think that we do have the multiple options, career options right now being in an industry from last 13 years. So I know there are, I have seen many people working on a different, working in the different fields. Right. So there are multiple options. It's not only doctor here. So that, that one, that age group like below 18, maybe 15 to 18, we can guide them. Something. What would be the career options? And having the seminars arranged, webinars arranged, people who are working in industry right now, what are they?
Speaker B: Would it be promoting entrepreneurship?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yes, something like that. If you try to club it into one platform, you can say we want to promote entrepreneurship. Right. That's what I think he's also trying to do. Kevin, jobs are not there. At least start something on your own. Right? I haven't heard the whole speech but I got a gist that he was also speaking on the same lines. He's trying to do that. Yes, there is a lot of potential other than a direct job.
Speaker A: Right. Right.
Speaker B: Would you like to present this as in now you told me about a lot of other ideas but how do you want now to present it? So let's try to figure out a structured way of doing it right. To let this go this side. That's an entrepreneurship cell. What do you want to call it?

Speaker A: Maybe as of now we will call it intermediate.
Speaker B: Think about, I hope I got the spelling right. Always get confused.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm very bad at spelling.
Speaker B: I think I got it right.
Speaker A: Yeah, you got it right. Because there is no spell check. So, yeah. What we can start with. We can start problem statement, right. What the problem that we are going to address. Right. The first thing. Yeah. And then the problem statement. What can be the solutions?
Speaker B: The problem said may be talking about the pandemic. Loss of jobs.
Speaker A: Yeah, right, exactly. Yeah. Lots of jobs.
Speaker B: And we can say dependence on single source of income. Something like this.
Speaker A: Right. Exactly.
Speaker B: Specifically, yeah. What else? We have set the context. We let people do realize, okay, this is what is happening and you grab the attention of the audience. Yes. This is an issue.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: So where do you want to go next?

Speaker A: Yeah. So next we can say, like, what. What is the solution? Right. We can, we can provide the on paper solution. Right. What. What app we are going to design. So first we'll provide a solution and then we'll say, this is the app we are going to do. And. And it will have this features like. Of course, those features will definitely go to be aligned to our solution. Yeah, exactly. Maybe. Maybe we can. Solution. We can. Categories like what categories we have. Right. Target audience. Exactly. So.
Speaker B: And then here, I think if you. If you already have a few examples. So add an example here.
Speaker A: Exactly, yeah.
Speaker B: An example or a story of a person that you know. Right. Because nothing compels people to take action compared to a story. Right. People love stories.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So.
Speaker B: And that's how you make your problems even more prominent to people.
Speaker A: So maybe that problem, problem statement have the example. Right. And that's what you.
Speaker B: Leave them with a question in here before you directly jump onto the solution, try to leave them with a question in mind, what to do. This is the situation that a lot of us are in. Right. A lot of people would also feel that this is okay. We are. They know friends who have lost their jobs. I know friends who call me. Okay. Just because they feel I'm in also into HR. So they tell me, get a good job.
Speaker A: Right? Right. Yeah.
Speaker B: Delhi, Kolkata, Hyderabad, everyone is right now, right.

Speaker A: So definitely. So are you saying that, uh. So example, the story will come in between the problem statement or solution?
Speaker B: Now, I am telling you, you figure out where you want to start.
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Exactly. Yeah.
Speaker B: Right. You want to write is talk about the problem or do you want to tell the story? Right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: If you remember the cigarette address they talk about Merana Mahesh, this is what I did. And exactly invoked curiosity and it added very person. If you say personification to the idea, right. If you talk about job, come here. That's all right. But if you started the story, I'm talking about someone who's called as Mahesh or Ramesh or whatever, whatever his name is. Right? Talk about that. You talk about. This is what I did. This is, let's say, for example, how is how much I was earning. Now with the pandemic struck, I lost my job. I'm very good at my job, but I lost it because I was not able to afford, for example.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: That invokes curiosity, that invokes people to completely connect with you. Okay, now you talk about you. What, what was wrong here, for example, was it this person's fault? It was the environment. Right, right. Also, if it. If there was a fault, what was his fault? All was in his mindset that only a job can save and that's where you can lead people.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: A different avenue. And it's not only a job that can say there's so many opportunities available.

Speaker A: Exactly. Yeah, yeah. Then, yeah. So then we are saying that and then we will keep the app. So do we need to talk about the technicality of the app, right. What this app is about? Like, what do you make platforms? Yeah, maybe we can say, like what platforms you are going to work? Android, iOS. Right. You have the desktop like website as well. Right. So that we can say. And yeah, definitely the question will come up, like how we are going to. How you are going to maintain the, this app. Because it will. It will need some cost, right. To maintain that. So definitely. And say that we'll have the sponsors, like the, like maybe as I told you earlier, maybe the stores who do the workshops. Right, on the stocks and all, then.
Speaker B: Zero, you get them for free. Or how would you draw them to help? So are you starting an NPO or are you just starting an app?
Speaker A: Sorry, NPO, I didn't get that.
Speaker B: Non profit organization.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a nonprofit organization for sure. It's not like that. But I will need some money to maintain that app as well, right?
Speaker B: Yes. So NPO would be something that's not profiting. But would it be an NGO dependent on people who would donate? Or do you have a plan where you take minimal fee for people?
Speaker A: No fee that I'm not looking at. Because whenever they say, like, there is a fee, people don't. The people are not interested. For sure. It's something free. So initially we can speak later on. Definitely, depending on the responses and all. If you handle it, definitely will have some fees going. But, but initially it will be. And another said like as we have the multiple options, right, for like college. Like I'm talking about the people like high school junior students and all the. We can, we can have that, some kind of sponsorship from the coaching centers. Not coaching or the colleges. Like suppose for example pharmacy colleges, we do have some, what else? Technical education colleges like nursing and all those things, right.
Speaker B: Even get it from BBA colleges. So for example, so I'm from Badodran. Do you know about Ms University? MSU Maharaja Ajira University.
Speaker A: Aha, right. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: So usme, there is a tech, there is a festival which is very famous, they call it BBA Bhazikar, right. In this VBA, they are supposed to come up with a business plan and actually run that business plan. And one whose business is the most profitable wins. So they have like this also people from all over try to participate, they look at the criteria, they try to start a business here, right. And the one with the most profitable business wins the third starts. They have to get sponsorship and all kinds of things. That's how it is.

Speaker A: That's good. So yeah, so that's what we can say about maintaining that, that we will generate the revenue from some sponsors just to maintain that. Yeah. And maybe we can, if required, uh, we can have that. Other, other things will be uh, available like books and all. So maybe that I'm going to add like if someone wants to study anything, maybe we'll have the books online books. Uh, and definitely it will be chargeable if, if that, uh, the people. So, so those kind of, I'm thinking right now, I'm just figuring.
Speaker B: Yeah, specific now. So you are giving away a startup idea.
Speaker A: Sorry?
Speaker B: You're giving up a startup idea by the way. So everyone.

Speaker A: No, actually this is one of my best friend, like he has been. So this is story his, see he, he did his beard. He was not good at what we say at the age he had when jab study karnata, he, which helped with Karnata. Then he dies. Then he got beard, got married, he got a couple of job offers. He paid some money to the management school. Management couple of three time size, but it didn't work out. They give back the money and then he started doing like teaching. So now due to pandemic he used to get some 10,000, rs12,000. So now he's getting only 4000. So from last six, seven months, what he did like with this pandemic started after two, three months. So we were discussing, I thought I gave him my idea, like, why don't you do the stocks share market? Because even I was not aware of the stock. Stock. Stock market. I didn't know. So you have some money, you can get something right out of some monthly basis. So then he thought of it. He started watching videos, YouTube, on YouTube. And then he did some online course as well, paid course. And it was really helpful. Now he's doing it sometimes seven to 8000, 10,000 tonic stocks. So this is that he. He started with like 60, rs70,000. Now he's getting, like, then he. He just sell the stocks. Like, so now he's doing it like thousand. Now his wife has also. His wife is also be it. So I gave her idea about the abacus classes, right? So then she learns abacus two levels. Now he's. She's doing some online classes at hometown. Because there is. There's only one teacher in. In my town, hometown. So now she's a second. She's getting good response. She has like five to six kids now started. Yeah. So. So that's why she. She's doing it good. Now he's. They got some income, which was actually, before that, she was also teaching to the. This, uh, nursery. So she is also get. She used to get some seven to 8000, rs7000 per month. And because pandemic, it totally stopped. So, yeah, so. So now she is getting money and he is also getting. So they did they. They are confident now. They said, like, we can do anything. Just, uh. So that's. From that I got an idea. Like, let's. Why can't we do this, uh, over app or something?
Speaker B: Here's something that my teacher, uh, told me in my masters. Your degree has nothing to do with your money making capacity.
Speaker A: Exactly, exactly.
Speaker B: But we attached the degree, the status with something. Even if it has less, uh, income, if it even generates less income. So if you are a successful vada pavala in Mumbai, you can generate 50,000, 15,000 in profits in a day.
Speaker A: In a day. Exactly.
Speaker B: A day. Profits. I'm talking.
Speaker A: Right, right.
Speaker B: And just by going in the evening and selling Bada in the evening, only in the evening. Exactly 15,000 a day. But what are you just about. So you wouldn't choose that.
Speaker A: No. But I will also give them one of my friend, he. His sister was like, it's like long back, 1520 years back, he told the story. We. I was studying in Namrati. So we went to a like there is a famous hotel for some, for snacks, some osaka churris and all we were having. Then he told me that this guy. The guy in the counter. Yes. He said like Mary Ben Kiluskarisha, this Tayata like fewer.
