Speaker B: So just a minute. Just a minute. Hello?
Speaker A: Hello? Yeah. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm there.
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Okay, great. So I think we have decided that you would prepare something on.
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker A: We had decided that you would prepare something like a short speech or something on listening. Listening.
Speaker B: On listening. Closing. I couldn't prepare actually we were doing on something male.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So we had looked at meals and we had also seen, in fact I remember your meals were perfect.
Speaker B: Short name.

Speaker A: But egg line. May Bohasara ninja. What are the words? You know, difficulty. So would you like to take maybe five minutes, ten minutes and prepare something so we can do the exercise?
Speaker B: Like in what, what type of things you are thinking of on which particular topic you can share me a topic. It was basically if you can give me any topic so I can prepare it and I can refresh it right now.
Speaker A: So I will say I gave you the topic which is the importance of listening in your job role.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Your job role, TK. So you can prepare like a five minute speech or something like that. And we'll do the exercise, right. Wherein I can extract your sentences and we'll try to, we'll try to see if, you know, your choice of words can be better. So yeah, you can take five minutes or ten minutes and you can prepare.
Speaker B: Okay, great.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Now you can start.
Speaker B: So what I, as per the subject given to me is understanding, I mean knowing the importance of listening in my sales profile. Listening as you know that listening is the much most important tool in the overall communication set. What we operate in day to day. And if I break down, this is as per the research which I have done recently with Google is they have given a bifurcation of communication. That is the return. The return consumes 9%, the reading consumes 16%, the talking consumes 30%. And the maximum listening which consumes 45% of this is the entire, you know, percentage of a communication where if you, if you can analyze that listening is a much more and important factor which comes into the account. So because why? Because we spend maximum time, say in our 1818 to 16 hours of job role or curriculum, what we do daily. The maximum part is of listening means we listen, the maximum will listen, the maximum we analyze the maximum. We self, you know, analyze and we think, we think more and more and we come to a conclusion that this may be a right solution to the problem which has been, which has come up as a communication to us which has during, during our entire, you know, in a day entire communication which happened. So because we spent much more in listening, it is important. It is effective to us. So as I said, that it is listening is an overall physical as well as psychological process that involves acquiring, assigning meaning and responding whatever message is being communicated from other. So this is a summary of listening which I think is important into the sales profile, basically listening. If I say listening, I can quote it that as I see many of the leaders currently as my regional manager as say Narendra Modi, say any entrepreneur, say activist who are an sales booster or they basically guide or say they are the leaders who they try to guide or say they try to. What are the sessions? Influence, not only influence, they are the basically who come like right now you guys are doing means you are setting up a benchmark where you guys are trying to influence, inculcate our grammatical or say through a communication list of maximum time. What is the communication between us is that half a time you speak and half a time I speak. And if a proper result has been, you know, been fetched out of the overall communication, we do so many. What, what I was trying to say is that many successful leader entrepreneurs, basically they credit themselves and their success to effective listening. Basically this because of the effective listening, they are up to this particular mark or say position. So the question is the good listening skills also have benefited personal lives, including like the maximum I, you know, listen to the family members, to my colleagues or say to my savannah wife. So this improves the self confidence. This gives an importance into their life that the person is listening to us. He is respecting our suggestions or say talks, whatso we can say the social network, the friend circles increases. If you see in fact we generate a good well being through this listening. This were a few, you know, important skills which I have observed and I have just jotted out. In fact, other than this, if I say add on to my day to day operational or say day to day job profile as per, as per my job profile, what, what would be better soothing on the listening skill would be it, you know, if, if I'm, if I'm a good listener, it reciprocates that I'm able to solve problem or say I'm able to understand that the actual query of my team. Suppose if there are five person into my team and they are just repeatedly asking for something or they are suggesting me for something or they are trying to get any solution for an query which has occurred during the phase to them through listening or say, through analyzing. See, as I listen to them then only I will be able to self analyze and I will be able to connect, have a better connect to the solution and to the problem. The guy who is facing the problem through the interpretation, through analyzing that this may be a solution or listening or the same thing. The same problems can be narrated to my, you know, superiors. I can question them. So this is, these are the problems which are getting encountered within the field. And what may be this, what would be the solution to this? And whatever they suggest, this listening can play an important role in my, you know, day to day curriculum. And I can, the same things can be narrated to my team members into a better soft, you know, so that they can understand. So listening skills plays a very important role in the overall job profile currently which we are working with. We are working in. Sorry. So this is what I have prepared till now. You can continue. Shreya. I'm done.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay great. Thank you so much. You gave me quite a lot of material. Now let me share what I have. That could happen also for future, not for mama.
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker A: So can you see this? Please send.
Speaker B: Just a minute. Yeah.
Speaker A: So these are the sentences Menina Jan Bhushke. I did this exercise with a couple of other colleagues. Okay. Sentences. A key sheet.
Speaker B: Okay, great.
Speaker A: When I send this sheet, I'll send it to all of you.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: Two other people. This is you. So now what we will do is these sentences, you know, one at a time and we will try to analyze how these sentences could be spoken better, you know.
Speaker B: Great, great.
Speaker A: A couple of points. So first of all, what did you feel? How did you, you know, deliver this present?
Speaker B: Better than. Better. Better than previous one I guess.
Speaker A: And what not the best you could have done better.
Speaker B: Not, not the best. The same thing. The points I didn't, you know, I forgot about the thing that I was said to prepare on this particular topic. It's my mistake actually. I couldn't prepare at least within the five to ten minutes I was able to manage few points on which I could have. I have spoken but much more research could have done a better, you know, work.

Speaker A: I understand you spoke quite a bit. Right. And Bhajada research, Karniki zarati niti because I gave you something which was very much related to your.
Speaker B: Yes. Right.
Speaker A: So my research say uphat fada niyota.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Two things that I noticed. One, there is something called a keyword.
Speaker B: Approach that was filler.
Speaker A: Every second, almost every sentence had a filler.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I come to that. Filler pauses because I was thinking.
Speaker B: I was thinking basically thinking process active or I was trying to pause at every sentence which I speak.
Speaker A: Yes. So you can pause. You can of course. And it helps a lot, but.
Speaker B: Yeah, in between I was also thinking so it became the longer one.
Speaker A: Yeah, I know. So thinking aspect presentation.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So maybe when you give me your last final presentation you'll do that, right?
Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So. And that is the correct words. They were able to when you said that, you know, when I look at leaders like Narendra Modi or my regional manager they are able to even I tried to say. Okay, do you mean influence? Do you mean guide? What? So, you know, finding that word took a long time.
Speaker B: Yeah. Right.
Speaker A: So let's. So let's see. Kijo sentences apnea bolehe madhav. Right. So first you said listening is the much most important. So much most important tool.
Speaker B: Listening is the most important tool. Much most.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: The most important tool.
Speaker A: Important tool here. Important tool. You can say listening is one of the most important tools.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: One.
Speaker B: Most important tool. Okay, what is this pronunciation?
Speaker A: That is for the upper sentences.
Speaker B: Okay, fine. Great.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Much joy. Extra word.
Speaker B: Much is an extra word, right. Oh, darling. Okay. Research which I have done research which I have done recently in Google research which I have in fact research done in Google basically.

Speaker A: Google may research key Google pay research key. So on Google.
Speaker B: On Google. Okay, research done on Google.
Speaker A: Yeah, with Google contact here in case of milk.
Speaker B: Right, right. Research on Google.
Speaker A: So research that. Okay, which normally actually which we bowls of which usually people you know.
Speaker B: Okay, right.
Speaker A: So we normally use it for people who can use it but object your physical object Hannah. Okay, idea just a researcher that's not a physical object, right. That's an abstract topic concept. Abstract concept is usually that perfect research which Johana confusing the research that I have done although which totally galapagni yoga right.
Speaker B: Research that I had executed hogaya for.
Speaker A: Executed both complicated ojaya or qui word dunk or kiwi words replace karakte.
Speaker B: Dunko.
Speaker A: The research which the research that I had done so dan kejagi sat nanga.
Speaker B: Which I have done.
Speaker A: Nibolna.
Speaker B: Done.

Speaker A: Appropriate joe praise aga kuaia.
Speaker B: Carried out. Okay, this is what I have carried out.
Speaker A: Carried out on Google sentence carried out cube.
Speaker B: According to my research, okay, right.
Speaker A: So or according to what I have.
Speaker B: Researched on Google okay. According to my research on according to my research according my research my research.
Speaker A: According my research is grammatically right.
Speaker B: According to my research either beach Maya I guess you have missed on the second point here. Here. According my research, yeah.
Speaker A: Doing work being able to normally, you know normally I'm working. I'm working on a project I'm working on a formula. I'm working on a business model. Jobi Toby. Jobi Tk. But specific job. I am doing a job. I have a job with or I'm working with so and so company.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker A: I currently. I'm doing a job for, let's say d Mart. Because you have MD, right. So doing a job. Doing something. What are you doing? What are you doing?
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: How. Jabku General. Both. How do you do this? How. How do you do something which is so difficult but love Jabab general or Jabba specific? Calm. Go describe cardio. So let's say I do research. I researched on Google. I do work.
Speaker B: I am researching on some subject.
Speaker A: Exactly. I am researching on a topic or some topic.
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, great.
Speaker A: I am researching. I. I do work. I am work. Yeah. I work.
Speaker B: Yeah. I am working.
Speaker A: I do experimentation. I experiment on.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Right. So, okay. That is translated. You know my research. Indeed. English hotel speech. You have translated. Nay nagnaji.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: Because English follows a different structure. Okay. Next one.
Speaker B: Get the maximum. I listen. The maximum I listen. The maximum I analyze. Basically as a hoga. Yeah. So maximum I hoga galat. Where is a mistake in this? I'm not able to identify. Even. I'm unable to identify it. Listen. Okay. Maximum. Okay. So jahape use karna. Use Nakaro. Okay.
Speaker A: Incorrect.
Speaker B: Incorrect. Okay. Okay. Sorry. Apki. Aria. Let me sharpen it. Switch off the video. Yeah. Please continue. Hello, shreya. Hello. Vasquez. Are you able to hear me? Hello, sir.
Speaker A: Hello. Hello. Oh.
