Speaker B: You want more elaborate?
Speaker A: I gave you time writing is like that writing eight times even all those great writers also bar lift the shutter these other sentences and that is final script repair starting you have to take in more time.
Speaker B: Hmm.
Speaker A: He is a great fighter by faulter fighter what do you mean?
Speaker B: Fighter means he is a great fighter then.
Speaker A: This is like you being very comfortable now you have to be uncomfortable now in the year 2001 when I was in school dada came to there now where? Campaign came there in my school ah. Why are you not writing that? Came to my school right? What you can add what standard you were in? How was the atmosphere job right? He was there cha celebrations how did you meet?
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: What did you say? Right you can always write all of this there are so many elements you're missing out on so many elements right? Why? Was it exciting for you? How did you feel? Right so what? How? Why? Questions are supposed to ask those questions if you don't ask those questions.
Speaker B: Republic TV okay so english pronunciation is very good right?
Speaker A: So what I'm another topic that I wanted so that that would be. So that topic is actually called bbe okay that means right so when we are saying something or writing something right? And right what are your writings? Beginning on a chase.

Speaker B: You are telling that introduction beginning with introduction yeah body.
Speaker A: Opinion, facts and figures it can mean two three paragraphs, four paragraphs all in one paragraph it can be segregated on different elements. And then we have an end.
Speaker B: Means is conclusion and means conclusion.
Speaker A: So asaj did you read it? Abnormal could read kiata iba.
Speaker B: Bully beats. Hello.
Speaker A: So apkajo writing hair. It's may. You have to include all of these elements.
Speaker B: Yeah. Right. Yeah.
Speaker A: Everything was in this only.
Speaker B: What did he say? Celebration. How did you meet May? Cassie meet Kia.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: What did you say? About the future or anything?
Speaker A: Right. So that will be your body and then it will be your conclusion. Memorable. Because I was able to meet him and get his autograph and also enjoy his speech.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: For this to be a conclusion this all has to be described in your body itself. Right. So the more you write the more practice you will get. And more you will come to know of your mistakes.
Speaker B: Yeah definitely right.
Speaker A: Of thinking english practice of continue karaoke.
Speaker B: It is very good. But because problem is that it's only that grammatical mistakes for life sentence or not. That is the problem. I become more comfortable and more confident.
Speaker A: Upon editing. Slow. Hello. Last statement. Hello.
Speaker B: I am become more comfortable and more confident. So last time at ease time competitiveness. So now. And I am also practicing that. End of the day how days are going good. I wake up. Start calling to doctors. One communication I tell in the doctor's chamber. Doctor's feedback. What is the feedback from doctors. So. And what is the feedback from distributors. Today. Today I have made a nine doctors out of nine. Seven doctors feedbacks are very good. Rest of the tools are. They are very much interested about completers product. Not so much about products. Why they are not interested competitor investing some. Some money to the doctors. But our company's SOP or rules regulation we can't do this. So the end of the day.
Speaker A: So now what you have to do is you will find some instances job describe difficulty. Ot.
Speaker B: Yeah. Right.

Speaker A: Now those words are totally applicable. Whenever you are sitting and thinking in English you every day you will find your gap. I'm not able to describe in English.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So then you have to keep filling those gaps.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. Now you know. Practice here. Now you know. Ksk. These are some things I'm having difficulty to you explain in English. Explain it better. So how can you explain it better, right. Basic word for sound. Sound kick. How to say this in one word in English. How to say angry. Someone is very angry at me in English. If you keep googling it now these words are going to be used in your daily life. So next in the. Next in your third day where do apply. That is the most useful thing that you can. I want you to decide the topic. I want you to create a mind map and present it. Check the topic of news of a read. Current.
Speaker B: Current news.
Speaker A: Not limited to news. Whatever you feel like. Whatever you feel. You can elaborate very well.
Speaker B: Now in prison situation in our state.
Speaker A: Console situation. Situation.
Speaker B: Situation in our state. Policeman.
Speaker A: Business situation.
Speaker B: Business situation.
Speaker A: Take five minutes. The business situation. Mind map. Create mind map.
Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: The mind map.
Speaker B: Me Like. Business situation in our state. Hello. A business situation in our state is good. Most of the major companies based in Kolkata. Because Kolkata is the business capital of west people. Major sector like engineering. Electronics are more important in business areas. Agriculture is the main occupation of people of West Bengal. There are lots of small industries are available in West Bengal. And land acquisition. Land acquisition is the main problem. Because land is very much important for starting business. Any trading industry or like small scale. So. And lots of engineer. Lots of Engineering college is there in West Bengal. So almost five to almost 7000 students are passing out in every year in West Bengal. So job opportunity is very much important in. So I think electronics industry and it sector is very much important for Kolkata business.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And basically sector five and Rajarat in the sector five. And rather hundred companies there. And information technology sector. So that's all.
Speaker A: That's all.
Speaker B: Time like.
Speaker A: That's okay. So you got a lot of things. First. Businesses you have existing here.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: You got me those electronics, agriculture, business capitals here.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Good business of opportunities. Then it's a main problem is land acquisition.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: That is a problem. Kuka. Look, I say land cole was banana and all that. And also you see a lot of engineering colleges are opening up.
Speaker B: Right? So the.
Speaker A: But that is a good factor or bad factor. Engineering colleges opening up is good thing about thing.
Speaker B: There's lots of engineering and. But one of the. But on other hand it is very difficult to get job in West Bengal. That is right.
Speaker A: So we already have enough engineers.
Speaker B: Good.
Speaker A: And you're saying electronics and it is a very good prospect for this kolkata.
Speaker B: Yeah right.
Speaker A: So now they go. You see a marriage pattern over what we are happening is we. You said data good. So data car. Now what we discussed. This is the body.
Speaker B: This is the body right.
Speaker A: Yeah this is the body. Beginning nidia or end media. So beginning can be something like Amarai. This is how kolkata is this abnormal child. In a way this can work good for business or yes a business type here that can still work as a beginning. But there was no end. Bodies are end nita. So points work. So then what is your conclusion? You can say for these type of factors many opinions is a very good idea for growth for our in this industry. But yay. Problems current use. So basically whatever said in the body you have to end come to a conclusion. If you come to a conclusion you are ending it properly. Yeah right. And then you ended up abruptly. You get it right. So you have to create a flow. If low. Good parchment. This is good. You got a lot of elements. What's the elements upon ganguly? Elements near apart. Now there are so many elements here. That is very good. When you're adding elements now you need to structurize it in such that it's like beginning body or end introduction body and.
Speaker B: Introduction body.

Speaker A: Make sure that you are trying to observe beginning. So read accordingly to that. Then you'll get that ambiguous. Or starting my beginning. Maybe they started off with a quote. Maybe with an example. Right now as you chose this example. Beginning business. The name is that you have something in mind. You can start with that. When there's so much growth but there is so much potential. But there is. This is the problem. Yeah. Everyone knows about this particular incident. Which begs to the question is kolkata really good state for growth? Something like that. If you can think of that interest automatically some new interest. What is the article about?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So can we use the same cheese and send writing?
Speaker B: Yeah yeah.
Speaker A: More elements. Good indeed. This is a good data. But when you mention anything or if you're mentioning your boss and engineering colleges then come to the reason why. Why is it good? Why is it bad? If it good as bad or sub border you know it is not good. Right. It is bad. It is detrimental or it is not needed. Unnecessary. Joby. So there are a lot of things. If I'm saying good, bad, there are just two words. There are lots of words in the english language. You can say it is unnecessary. There are so many engineers already. We don't need any more engineers, right? So that way you can say, I don't think we know we need any more engineering colleges. Even with the sport of engineering colleges opening in the last two to three years. So you can always be a point, say opinion done. The best thing about any article or any presentation is what you have put to the table. The question why? That is what people want to know. Okay. How engineering college.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Okay. Bye.
