Speaker A: Were you able to go through the IVLP some session summary concept where Sagbar. No, no. Ivla that time. Actually it is more how what we are actually thinking about. Same thing. You also explain only few things, which is I think different from our perspective. Just like that presentation. I was think that this is a preparation of presentation. Not kind of presenting that one. Maybe some. I don't know. I don't have that word. What I'm trying to say. Actually different skills but the both are same. I think Samajvaniya actually that's a good choice. Like we have to take care of the who is the audience. Okay. And how to tackle that audience. That thing I am considering as a. Okay. This is a part of a presentation. When you are presenting that something to the audience. Okay. And one part is that when we are preparing the presentation in a slide. So what things we had to consider time of preparation. That was I was thinking that both are similar kind of thing. Or just write anything at the slide. Then at the time of presentation we can present it or we can explain it. But we have to take care of that also at the time of preparation of slides. So how much things we should keep in on that slide? Uh. How it, uh. How it will look good. Maybe it's not too much subjective, it's not too much lengthy. Like that point difficulty QTA. When the sense of Jan me reckon it is too late. Right? Yeah. Just say for example, client a technical cheese explain karaoke. So much mini press light information. We need Allah non technical. Or as we talked about, let's say those situation is what kind of audience is going to be there. So you prepare for the worst with more detail. And as well as one slide which has, you know, very specific details. That always helps preparation. So it's an. As you said, it's not just presentation. It is also about any conversation that you have, right. How much conversations? Karte Kabiko. Right. Manager Sapna Bhatki. Right. Manageable concept project Kibatkar. Right. For example, direction Miss Osiri. In the sense Humbu project becomes obvious project children. Right. He's coordinating with, let's say ten people, 15 people with ten different projects. Correct? Yeah. Right. He would also need a context, right. And why for example, your manager needs precise details or in the sense. So that always helps. So in conversations also try to see concept part Miss Hora. Yeah, of course. So that means we are not. We are missing on the context. Why we or who sort of miss out karate to make sure that we improve on that communication as. Right. Was a bhaga personal mega. Okay, that's good. So abhiyasakarna, instead of working on, let's say the last one, record Kara, last time. I say last time. Actually nowadays we have. Yeah, nowadays we have three projects at running at a time. So it's happened with me also. Sometime manager also called that. What about that project then? I'm asking which project, sir, that happens a lot of manager also. Yes, yes, of course. So we are actually very busy right now. And we are at home also. So. So much disturbance also. It's not like what we are working at office. Many. Of course, of course, of course. So. So have you been able to go through the recording darker recording Bejazza now. Right. So even if you watch over next first two to four minutes, that will be nice. And let's see if we have. We are following the who. I what tool and follow Kara. Can I correct? Correct. That way. Now ask a caller. Let's do an analysis of the tool. Come look. Apply Kia. There's something impromptu prepare kirkyata. Correct? Yeah, let's do that. Let's view it. Going to cover. Okay. You started? Yeah, yeah. You can start. Yeah. So today we are actually we. I'm going to explain about. The audio is clear? Yes, audio is clear. Audio clearly. Alan. Great. The first line also clearly mentioned that it is a prompt. Sorry. The first line of mine is clearly mentioned that it was informed. That means it was not prepared before. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Which full form is module mounting structure? It is mostly used in the solar industry to mount the pv panels. That is photovoltaic panels, which we also call the module. That's why its name is module mounting structure. So first I am going like this. How many types of module mounting structures we are using in our solar industry. What will be the material we have to use according to the environmental conditions. And which type we have to use at which places and how it affect the generation. So these three topics we will cover in this presentation. So first I am coming to the type of module mounting structures. Module mounting structures are generally we use three types. First is the fixed type. That means in this kind of structure, it's this type of structure. So we fix the module module in a one direction. That means there is no rotation either in any direction. That means neither it rotate in the direction of the sun or neither in the transfer direction of that sun. So in this type of structures a generation is limited. That means just totally depend on the. When the sun is directly 90 degree, it will put its rays on that module. At that time only. It gives the full generation and other time its generation. That means increasing from morning to afternoon and then accordingly increase from morning to afternoon. Then I lost your voice here. Yeah. From morning increases because sun is focusing 90 degree. Because if they start from some angle at morning, then after it's directly 90 degree to that model. And then after again its angle is different to the 90 degree. So its generation part is decreases. So now another type, this model monitoring structure is tracker. The tracker. Tracker is kind of so obit. What would you say are your observations. So not just who I. What tool. Any other observations from your other observations are? I don't have words. Many times I use so many times. So many times. Each and every center I use this, which is too much. Or when I listen use so much awkwardness. Okay. Then many times I don't have word and specific word. I don't have that time. But actually we have to use. That's why I use a different word for meaning is not fulfilled. That. Yeah. Lack of word form. Yeah. And many times grammar is also. Okay, there are, there are grammatical mistakes. My grammar is speaking. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So the point problems. Actually don't know. The point of the recording was not to make you feel bad at the point of the recording. Okay. It's my weakness. So it's a problem. That's why we are here. To strengthen that one. Yeah, exactly. Only when we are able to actually recognize Kam mistake over and we'll be able to, you know, make those changes. Okay? So that's all right. So. Right. So fillers come na, they cut. And now you're also done with the first step. The first step is actually identifying that you are using fillers. Okay. Hello? Yes. Yes, sir. I'm listening. Right. So first step was that you identify that you are using a filler. Correct. Second step, what have I told you? Either you should mute. Either you should mute at that time. You said you should take some pause or something. Ah, pause low, mute. Taking pillars. Yeah. Correct. Correct. Okay, so have I ever showed you, uh, string, trudeau, you know, the canadian president? Correct. Have you, have I shown you his video? A particular video Majidikana. Think I have not showed it to you? Okay, so now the. Let me tell you why I'm showing you this particular video ticket. Now what happening here is Justin Trudeau is one of the presidents, is the president of Canada ticket. Now. Problem, Kyatha? In a press conference, you took a very long pause. Let's just. Let me close my window. There's a lot of noise. One moment. I'm also outside, so here is also maybe you may be disturbed. So let me project my screen ticket. Now, what happened is because interview may was quick, okay? And he actually took a 20 1 second long pause. TK. And as a reason I'm opening LinkedIn is now because I want K. This is David JV Phillips. He is the founder, creator of WW, the magical science, blah, blah, blah. The Malab is a cavalry communication coach, Jesse. But he's on a international level. He has many Ted talks to his name. Okay, so we will watch that video and then we will seek. What does that mean? Right. 20 1 second pause is like one of the history's longest pauses ever taken. Okay. So we'll just try to watch that. I think better with subtitles, which. Let me open this one. You've been reluctant to comment on the words and actions of the US president, but we do have Donald Trump now calling for military action against protesters. We saw protesters tear gas yesterday to make. So this is a reference to the Black Lives movement few months back. Yes. Right. So question, would you interviewer who push right now? This question was being avoided by Justin. Take care. He was actually avoiding this question. Military action. Lena Valerie. Right. And you are avoiding the comment. You have to tell me what you think. And if you don't want to comment, what is the message you are sending? So it was a very difficult situation. Right? India country. Everyone is watching. All right. Now look at what happens. Wait for a presidential photo op. I'd like to ask you what you think about that. And if you don't want to comment, what message do you think you're sending.
Speaker B: In horror and consternation? What's going on in the United States? It is a time to pull people together, but it is a time to listen. It is a time to learn what injustices continue despite progress over years and decades. But it is a time for us as Canadians to recognize that we, too, have our challenges, that black Canadians and racialized Canadians face discrimination as a lived reality every single day. There is systemic discrimination in Canada, which means our systems treat Canadians of color, Canadians who are racialized differently than they do others. It is something that many of us don't see, but it is something that is a lived reality for racialized Canadians.

Speaker A: Now, what do you think of this response? Response? Actually, he's not giving actual answer. What he's asked. What he. That reporter asked, dear, what do you think about it? It was a very apt answer. He didn't avoid the question. Basically, what he is trying to say is comment USA Pelejeri may Jandogi Mary country may be problem. That is what he's saying. Right. So that is a very, even if you want to say that Canada Trump, do you want to challenge him? He was even avoiding it. You can't say it's bad this. No, that is not the right answer. Political end of point of view. But now what do you think about the pause that he took? Yeah. Actually from his body language and all. First of all, he was surprised because of this question that uh, 1st 1015 years, uh, he tried, he was just uncomfortable. Then he think how to answer it. Just his some lips are moving that time. Yeah. Then he think. And then he answered. Exactly. And that is the beauty of the boss. Right. And that is also what has been mentioned by an expert. Because why I'm showing many bold, round, low key world key experts be YG is bolder right now. The brilliance of the pause ky its length. It's longer than any normal pause. Madhavika historically subco a viral oga, right. Because of that, Justin Trudeau uses non nonverbal communication. Shoulders moving his mouth, biting his lips, signaling that pause is not a symbol. It's not a symbolic pause of taking a stand, but instead a pause allowing him to think. I'm just thinking and I will reply. Right. And the third and last reason why this process is the fact that he actually made use of ones. Now this is what I am trying to tell you. Many people rush into answers without considering the possible repercussions. So without thinking, okay. Without thinking or Trump sunta have you ever noticed any of the Trump tweets is very blunt, right? He's very, very blunt. And that is, that is not affordable by any country. Modi Jitnabi if anybody doesn't believe what Trump is doing, will not speak against him. He can't. He's on the US is one of the superpowers, right? So this was a very difficult question. We didn't have time. So instead of quickly rushing into the answer, he took a pause. He thought he want what he wanted to say and gave a reply. What I am trying to say here is how I'm trying to relate it with the filler words. It's better to take a pause rather than to rush into it. Now for you, what has happened is it has become a habit and it's not you boss are local. Why does we we discuss why this happens, right? Because we feel that we should not stop speaking, correct. We feel that we should not stop speaking when our mind is that is what our mind tells you. If you stop speaking, your credibility is gone. Right? Right or wrong, but a bolt there and I bought you. So that is why it fills it with us, right? But it's better to take a pause, reflect on the answer and reply, okay, but if I do this right, so if I made you feel it felt come uncomfortable for 5 seconds, why? Because you're not looking. What I'm doing right now happen to mer body language naidik parity correct. And I took a pause. So in why I'm also talking about this right now, we might be communicating through our virtual cause, correct? Taboo body language. If I had muted it. Take it. I mean, sorry. Sivako audio sunayota to 20 1 second. Mako samaji mataka audience correct. Body language is very important. Yeah, sorry. I understand. Yeah. So when you're communicating and let's say you are on mute and you need a time to think, you can say, so give me a second to think about it, right? That is all right. Sometimes rush me oto nay namota. But if it's better if we take a pause, think about it and reply. So that way your fillers will reduce. Now, in every conversation that you have, karpe bibi bhattori ho ya professionally, try to make sure that instead of you use a pause to think about it, reflect what you want to say and reflect. Yeah. Doosra it was problem also. Hmm. Because in a hurry we speak something which is not related to the our, what we actually want to say and then we just try to make it up. That was 1st 2nd ka varada. You saw that finding the right word was difficult for you. So an extra second gives your time, your brain the time to think of that. And of course, right? But that extra half a second or 1 second will give you the time to form that sentence and give an apt reply. This small change will change the whole voice modulation, the way that you reply, the way that you speak, this small change, that is, I'm explaining a lot of these factors. That is why I demonstrated it and also showed all the world experts also say yes, this is how it works, correct? It should not be my opinion. It should be something that is universally also accepted, right? In a fast paced culture, it is a little difficult, but people will appreciate a good reply out reply rather than someone who replies instantaneously. Could be both. I'm not saying you do that, but that's what happens. You rush into the answer, right? Amara eight minute social right? So that happens to us. So don't rush into the answers, take a pause and reply. Right. That will change that. Fillers on there. Okay. In terms of content with a chalago, you first explained what are things that we're going to cover. Then you went into each one of them, try to explain as much as the as much detail as possible. So that is good. But next time I sacrifice, let's prepare a presentation length of xl banado scalia because that is a different art altogether. Document slide be all about that. You cannot directly copy paste from a document to a PowerPoint application. Right. Okay, I'll take something. Uh huh. I think something related to our work and the prepared slide. Yeah. Topic mms. Okay, sorry. Okay, now you talked about I want to say I will prepare it. Okay. And then present. So that way you're actually changing the way you are presenting. The whole change. Then we'll take up another topic, not an issue. Yeah. Right. So try to make a slide. Also I have to prepare. Yeah, yeah. I have to make one slide. Slide presentation for this MMS topic. So I'll prepare that one. So it will work for sentences. We are extract curve. So we definitely will try to look at. Look at that also. Take care. Slide same satat midmakata. Next minute the sentences job. Next track here. Bath Karpang. Take it. So next week may just a time. Same way I saw Saturday. So you have one week to work on it, right? Yeah. Okay. Link to Hannah Beijing. I just want to confirm one more time. No, I have link. Yeah. All right. So task clear. Task is clear. Yeah. Okay then see you in the next. Yeah, it's totally clear. Okay, great. Shallow. Okay, bye.
