Speaker A: Hello. Hi. Am I audible. Hello. Yeah, how have you been, Reshma?
Speaker B: Yeah, this month was little busy, so I couldn't pick up two of the calls that we had scheduled for. That is why. And because of the health issues, also a lot of days I was not well. Also this month.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah, so that's fine.
Speaker A: How are you doing now? Is it okay now?
Speaker B: It's fine now I'm better. From last week onwards, I'm better.
Speaker A: Okay. I hope everything is going good with your children as well.
Speaker B: Yes, yes, definitely. They had sports day, annual day also this month.
Speaker A: You have to take active part in that.
Speaker B: Yes, yes, I have to.
Speaker A: How did they turn out? What do they play? Sl?
Speaker B: They, my younger one is three years and my elder one is around seven years. So they don't have a competition kind of a thing as of now because it is not correct to build in that competency spirit very young. So what they have designed is they have fund races. Like you go and go and jump over a huddle, then you go do a hula loop and little bit further. And again you go ahead and go zigzag. So these are the things that races they have arranged.
Speaker A: Okay, so towards the end, how does this fundraising work?
Speaker B: Sorry?
Speaker A: How does the fundraising work as it, when they go through all these activities.
Speaker B: They get a participation certificate by the end of the day. So they don't have a first come first, then runner up, second runner up. So they don't have like this winners kind of a thing. So they have just participation thing. They just have to go do these races. Basically, physical activity is developed and mentally they have to think which way to go and all. So basically they look out on this part only just to keep them.
Speaker A: Okay, so this is organized by the school itself?
Speaker B: School itself, yes.
Speaker A: Okay, so interesting. This is quite different from what we used to have.
Speaker B: We didn't have such kind of a thing. We have races, long jump, then running and all kind of races. And we already had competency built up from the childhood only.
Speaker A: Exactly, yeah.
Speaker B: And secondly, in schools right now, they have changed the pattern of study. They have psychology of the child has been considered. So all these things, you know, they have. They don't have exams for the younger age, like till nine or ten years, like third or fourth standard. They don't have exams. They clear everybody. So they, they check their ability to go ahead and all in the, in terms of regular test that is held up by the end of the week. And this is that they analyze the child's development and their neatness, how they present themselves then they have, like, poetry recitations, they have to talk on a topic. So all of this is there and then they analyze and they clear. There's no exam. Like, you sit with a paper and a pen with a question paper and answer. Then the teacher will check. So all this is not there.
Speaker A: Interesting to note that. I mean, the system of education has significantly changed from what we have gone through, I guess.
Speaker B: Yes, definitely. And maybe I went back to school around 220 years back, like a two generation gap. So in my time, they were. There was nothing like this. It was just book knowledge. Right now they have general knowledge. They have. There are maths Olympiads that they hold in school Britannia contest. Is there one particular thinking, reasonings and all questions like that? The cat exams, the multiple answers question that we.
Speaker A: Multiple choice questions. Yes, yes.
Speaker B: Yeah. Those tests that we give now to go ahead for medical or engineering or anything, these are developed right from the age that they go to school, like three or four years. So my younger one is three years. She already gave a logical reasoning that is called a Britannia contest, which is held all at the school. So she's already given that. So she is. They developed that kind of a thing right from the child childhood, rather than the bookish knowledge, to read the book and write it on a paper during the exams. So that way it is good. Secondly, I feel that those. The competency spirit that is developed later on, that they don't cope up. That is all what I think. I don't know how my children will go ahead, then I will get to know how they cope up, but as of now, I feel when the board exams come up, like in 8th or 9th standards, so they don't have that managing the time, answering to the questions. So all these things are not developed as of now, I feel, because my children have not gone through all this, so that is only the drawback that I feel.

Speaker A: So you feel that competency, you know, the spirit of competition should be there from the early age or not.
Speaker B: Competencies in the like, to face the world like, you know, to be street smart is what is taught. You just read the book, mug up everything and answer paper, you don't think about anything else. You have been given the questions, what are there in your book syllabus? And you just read that and go and give. But these competitive exams that they hold during the curriculum, so in that they develop their mental skills, they analyze, analytical skills are also developed and, you know, they are prepared to face the world, like how we read. If you go to see PhD in mathematics and all that the maths is totally different than what we actually do in the world. Like maths, plus, minus and all those things are what we do when you pay the money to the vendor or they are the day to day life experiences that you face. But in maths, you know, if you see those maths is how you develop the skill of plus and all those things are there. So it is little deeper. So what I feel is this is a better way where children are given an opportunity to develop themselves and face the world how it is, rather than to, you know, just to have the syllabus and just read that your knowledge base is widened.
Speaker A: You read so kind of. You're saying that they don't have exams per se. So, yeah, whatever the activities that they are conducting, how do they give the progress report? In what way do they give the progress report?
Speaker B: Progress report.

Speaker A: How do you know that your child is making any progress or not?
Speaker B: Yeah, so they have quarterly, you know, they call the parents and they give the updates. So there are syllabus also. There is a syllabus where they have to go learn all those things. Though the tests are conducted every week and basis that they give the report card. And other things are also involved. Not only this studies part, there are other things also. How you perform during the recitation is there. Then you have storytelling. You go in front of the class and speak. Then there is, you know, this prayer. Morning prayer is there every day in school. After the morning prayer, like every division is called up and they. They tell their means. It's like an elocution kind of a thing. They are given a topic and each one has to go and speak out there on stage. So how you manage your stage fear, how you talk on stage and the communication, like if you're not well, how you communicate it to the teacher, how do you approach other teachers? Walking around on the passage and all, how do you greet them? All these things are also considered in their progress reports. So it's an overall development for them.
Speaker A: Interesting to know.
Speaker B: The schools have changed their pattern. And earlier it was not all that, it was just you, how you perform on your exams. So children were graded. And the children who get higher grades, they are the, you know, best people. So that kind of a grade grading of people is not done in school right now, at least in this school where my children are studying, that is there only thing is what I went through. Like how you give exams every. You study a particular thing a day before and you go and give the exam. There is time management. There is important questions, how you study. Like if you have a syllabus, entire syllabus, how you take important questions and how you, what you study and how you study. So that part is not being taught right now. Of course they are very young right now. They are just in first handed and younger than that. So I don't know how they will, you know, in future curriculums. What all is coming up? I don't know. So I have been speaking to the other parents also who have children a little bit, grown ups. So they say that everything is manageable. Don't worry, they'll take it up. So right now I just got to know that they are introducing boards right from 8th standard onwards. So if 8th standard is a board like how we studied in 10th standard board, if that is coming to us before that, how will our children cope up if there are. There is no exams done at this age until fourth. There are no exams just in three years time. Are they going to be prepared for the boards in 8th? That is the fear.

Speaker A: I think we are just preparing all the soft skills possible to cope up with the competition later on. But there might be, as you said, an adverse effect of not making them known about what is exactly a competition altogether right now. Everything is a rosy picture right now. And then they would take it for granted. But yeah, reality check needs to be done. Probably the first time when they enter the examination situation where they get to compare the marks and grades and so on and so forth, they'll have a reality check and then they'll change themselves. I think it will be done based upon the atmosphere that is there in the school and in the class they are in. Nice. Interesting to, you know, spend time on this. Thank you for sharing your insights by coming to the whole coaching procedure. Now that we have a, you know, gap, you could not attend the last two sessions. Where do you stand as of now before we actually discuss the article on social network.
Speaker B: Yeah. After that you had sent me some videos. I went through those videos. Okay. And those were very nice and that helped me in, you know, teaching my children also and I help them see the videos also.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So I. That was a good thing that I did. And I also sent you a write up on social networking. Social networking that I sent. So if you want me to send some write ups, I can send. Send out more. This was. I just went through the network. I did not. 1 second. What happened?
Speaker A: This is the screen. I'm sharing the screen.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Speaker A: This is your article, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So I read it. I really like the way you have articulated it. So I did not find much of the grammar issues or the way you have articulated it. It's very brief. So brief article to understand. Boner curse. You kept it well, very simple.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Just so on articulation levels, I think you have done a really great job to showcase your thoughts.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Okay. On a basic level, this is really good, but if you have to extend it to a powerful or effective article, we need more examples, more experiences. We need a lot of opinions to be covered.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: This is, this can be a brief gist of what the social media can be, but how do we dig deeper? So depth of thinking is something that we need to concentrate on.
Speaker B: Yeah, I could take views on how, what people are, you know, majority people, what they do and all that. Little more I could have done. Written on it.
Speaker A: Yes. Yes. So whatever you have written, I have no issues with it. So probably what you can do is if you have to talk about the same thing, social media boolean occurs, will you really able to showcase it? So, writing, you are very well versed with it. But speaking, will you be able to replicate the same replicate as in, I don't want you to actually, word and word, I don't want you to do that. But will you be able to convey the same message that the article has conveyed with your speech, is what I want to know.
Speaker B: That's why I kept it in points. And secondly, I just clubbed the four to five points about what is a positive way of thinking for the social media, networking and what are the bad points. Where are we heading forward? So I've just kept five to six points each. So I can do that actually.

Speaker A: Okay. So can we have a quick mock session about the same, and then have a brief discussion?
Speaker B: Oh my God. I didn't prepare this leg. Let me just.
Speaker A: Session. So don't worry too much about it. What I do is you just give me a brief synopsis of the article that you've written. Basically convey opinions with whatever facts. I'll try to gauge your depth of thinking. So how much have you actually researched to convey this opinion? Whether you have substantiated your opinion with enough number of evidences or not, then that would give you an idea about whether you can rework it and then make it more extensive. So writing till writing, I think most of us will go for, because we'll have enough amount of time to think and then refer and then make an article out of it. But when it comes to speech, you cannot take back your words. Right?
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm good at writing. That's what I told you. When speaking. It is. Maybe I forget words. Maybe I have it. I have the points, but I cannot elaborate on those in the spur of a moment. So that is. That is where I like. But then this is totally just a moment. I'll just read once and then we can go through this.
Speaker A: Are you comfortable doing it now or do you want to do it later?
Speaker B: Can I do it on the next session like on Thursday? We have. Yeah.
Speaker A: Yes. No issues. No issues. You seem to be a little bit uncomfortable.
Speaker B: Two, three more write ups if you give me topics.
Speaker A: No, no. I want you to extend this and then I want you to give more evidences to support your opinion.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Okay. No problem. This only. I will write more, a little bit more on this and then I can tell on Thursday. Thursday is our next right.
Speaker A: You can prepare a brief ppt also if you want to. That is also fine by me. Provided you have time, you can go. I am giving you options. Either you can go for PPT, either you can do it.
Speaker B: One or two slides I can make.
Speaker A: That is fine. Three to four slides is more than enough.
Speaker B: I'll do that. No problem.
Speaker A: Just a five minute kind of a presentation. So the idea of giving presentation is to see how well do you perform while you replicate your thoughts into speech?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: So by that we'll get a clear idea about how much have you spent and then where are all the areas that we need to concentrate on to overcome those scenarios? Are you showcasing emotions? Is your body language changing based upon the difficulties that you're having? How to mask them, how to convey your thoughts and instruction in such a way so that you can remember them more easily?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So these are some things we'll get to know.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. No issues. So for now, I just want to have an area about the videos that I've sent you. The grammar videos?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So can you briefly explain me what are all the key learnings from those videos one by one?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Have you made any notes?
Speaker B: No, actually I couldn't make any. Once again.

Speaker A: Okay, this is something that I would suggest you to do because unless and until we make notes, it will be difficult for us to actually go through them again. I mean, there is a tendency that we'll easily forget.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. So I'm just showing you an example of how can you make significant notes from the grammar. So you make a short capsule about your key learnings.
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.
Speaker A: I'm just sharing it on screen.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Vishma?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: So if I have to reach so what order? This would be my thing. This object, WordPress object, please. In time. And then how do you use it? It is it.
Speaker B: Yeah, I remember this video.
Speaker A: Yeah. Helps me to create emotionally neutral sentences. Right. And also it would put my emails, something like this.
Speaker B: I would have.
Speaker A: And once you get more of it, you can always try to interchange the elements of order. Right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Create. So this is something that I could learn from it. So these kind of, and when it comes to articles a and infinite articles. So when they are used, when you mention something or the formula first time, for example. And then you can make your own examples also here. But how to differentiate them. A is for consonant and then an is for vowel sound. So I created examples here. Now the is the indefinite. So a short capsule of all these things. So whenever you're in a doubt or something, you can just refer to this document and get a clear idea rather than going through all the videos.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. So create a short capsule videos that you are able to see. It will help you to create a much better format. Okay. And application of this grammar is also equally important, even though we are able to write really well and everything. But when we try to solve some exercises in real sense, that will get us a reality check about our grammar as well. How can we improve further grammar for our future course? Maintaining correct grammar will always establish credibility. Right. So that is one point that we can put more focus on.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So one more, one question I had. So we have a session on fourth and fifth. So what is the agenda for that?
Speaker A: So fourth is basically day one about we'll revisit. So I won't be coming. So the last minute changes and then I won't become, will be there.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: You will be given a further more activity oriented to apply whatever learnings that you could master from the coaching sessions.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And the second half would be more about how can you prepare your presentations for day two. And day two would be only presentations.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. It's the same thing like last time how we did.
Speaker A: Yeah, mostly. But now it would be something that will showcase your improvement.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. And we would be inviting your managers to visit your presentations as well and then provide feedback.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. And topics will be given on that day or you all are giving the topics beforehand.
Speaker A: This time topics will be taken by.
Speaker B: You itself from our only.
Speaker A: Okay. So whatever topic you feel are comfortable now that you got a brief idea about all the things that you need to know, you know, the mind map, how to structure your thoughts and everything, and then how to articulate them yeah, it all depends upon execution.
Speaker B: Oh, yes, yes, I agree. So now what I was thinking is, can we think of a topic right now only and then make a presentation on that day? You all are going to give us certain, like how you all did last time.
Speaker A: Last time it was more of I gave you a little bit context so that I wanted to maintain uniformity. Right now you can choose your own topic because choosing the topic will also be equally important. You know, the audience right now.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: So based upon an educated guess about your audience, what sort of topic do you choose?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And then present yourself.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. So if you want, we can start working on the presentation right now. But prior to that, I just want to have an idea about your body language again. We can revisit those.
Speaker B: Correct?
Speaker A: Okay, so I believe we have. We can do two more sessions, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: We can do before fourth and fifth?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Okay. I've booked already one. I'll book one more.
Speaker A: You can do that. So what you can do is in next session, we'll have that social media presentation. We will analyze that, okay. Where all you can improve. I'll share you some tips and tools to actually improve the way you execute yourself.
Speaker B: Okay?
Speaker A: You apply those, and then in the next session, we'll have final round of mock session, okay. Where we'll see whether you are able to overcome those challenges or not.
Speaker B: Okay, fine.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So do it in your own way and then approach yourself.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'll think about a topic also, and then we can discuss that with what I'm going to present on that day and this social media also. I'll do it. Okay. Hello. Hello. Hello. Active.
