Speaker B: How well I am dealing with that pressure situation is more important. How maturely I am dealing with the questions. How maturely I am dealing with the pressure. I think that would be the most important part. Apart from that, yes. Apart from that, yes. Technical part would be there. So technically I would be. I should have been like I should be specifying more correctly in that round it basically they will see into my giver approach.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And how I, how I react in a pressure situation. That is the thing. My anticipation is that because everybody knows, we know.
Speaker A: Go ahead, go ahead.
Speaker B: Sorry I interrupted everybody. All the candidates will be appearing in that interview board. Everybody knows that we have a specific skill, skill set of knowledge. Okay. So there will be no question on how knowledgeable you are or how knowledgeable you can be knowledgeable. You can impart yourself in future days also. So how the situation handling skill is the most important thing. I. My anticipation is that.
Speaker A: Okay, currently you're in area management right?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Currently you are at the posting of an area manager. You will be interviewing for an assistant manager correct?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Okay. Now Prithvish help me understand that how will your roles and responsibilities change while you move from the position of an ER manager to an assistant manager? So Ghana both you can start thinking like an assistant manager. Okay. So what are those few things that you are going to do differently? Tell me that.
Speaker B: In a area manager role profile the core job is to go. Job is to implement things. There are very little scope to make any plans. Yes obviously you make plans at your own level which you get approved through your senior bosses. But the more core function is to implement someone, some other people's strategies in market level. How skillfully you are doing it. That is most important. Second, handling manpower I will be handling. As an area manager I handle four boys who are directly paid by our company. I handle our set of distributors and set of distributor salesmans who are also being handled by my invoice. So handling manpower, implementation of things, implementation of sales and distribution studies are the key job of a area manager role. While I'm going to be an istem manager this set of skills will be there. This job will be there. Adding to it what will become is that knowledge of a certain category. The category that I am holding. Obviously the category knowledge also required as an area manager level because when you are implementing things you should be knowing about your categories. But as an HST manager the knowledge required for a category is much much much deep like you will be directly interacting with the brand team. You will be directly interacting with the RSMs you are directly interacting with the channel development team. So these guys is RSM brand team, channel development team. They are more into a particular specific set of categories. So you need to have that knowledge to understand. They are, they are what, whatever they are saying, whatever they are trying to do into your market. Because as an I stay manager, I will be seeing a vast area of geography. In that geography. For that category, I am everything. So it is not like I need to take everything. Whatever brand team is saying to me or RSIM is saying to me or category developer channel team is saying to me, I need to have on my independent decision, I need to make my independent strategies. So in order to make an independent decision or independent strategies, I need to have more knowledge that what is what and what is not. Apart from that, this handling manpower, SMB implementation, interaction with brand team, RSMS category knowledge, there is all, there is another function which comes into place is that handling branch operations to some part of branch operations also being like handled by IC managers. They are like VM has three I stream as in a branch generally. So all three I stream managers are an integral part of branch operations. Branch are multiple operations. So in one hand handling branch manager, his branch operations, in another hand handling RSMS brand team, category development team with category knowledge. And the third is implementation part handling manpower at a much greater level, self and distribution objective implementation. So the role or the score on HST manager is very wide. Realize a part of that. So if I am become an astro manager, I have to be ready to play all these three, four roles at a same point of time. That is the key challenge because I need to priorities things. I need to understand what is important. I need to have a, that kind of bandwidth which I can understand, which is more important and which is not.

Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Playing between these three, four layers and thinking in a clear way is very important for us. That is that why pursue?
Speaker A: Okay, great. So you have quite enough of, how do I say, clarity in what is supposed to be done. Okay. What I would like to suggest here, you can go ahead with your approach as well. Again, I, for that I need to understand that. And along with Sourav, Sarab, so I do not have any idea that what kind of person they are. But now, okay, why I am saying these two things is when a person is listening to the first. So you understood the two categories that I just mentioned.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So when I am talking about category a, right? So category a needs to have a storyline so that when you elaborate and you jump to the second point, the person shouldn't feel disconnected as.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Point one. Point two. Two. Point two. Connection .3k elaboration .4 connection point for collaboration. This is how it will go if you're going in a very descriptive manner right from the beginning. The safer side, if you do not know how to connect all the points, is when you shift to the point wise approach. We call it the arrow. The arrow approach. Okay, so like arrow mara. So poor uska. Main point, jake laga. Then I pull up all the explanations around it because at times for the people who are at such a senior level, they'll not want to know about each and everything.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Great. So when you are there, sitting in front of him, face to face, there's something which I'd like you to take care of. Ticket your way of expressing your body language, your tone and your eye contact. Because especially when we are speaking to a person over a video call or face to face, behavioral aspect becomes the most important. Hamara Halkas a tweaking tone shows that how underconfident or overconfident we are. Right. And I understand that some of you have been. I don't know about you, what is your status, but Apitak managers nervous about the whole thing. To which my answer was like nervous. He has come there to give his own judgment. And at the end of the day, the judgment will be in favor of the business, right? Think in that direction. The moment you start thinking in favor of the business, automatically you will be able to justify things to him the moment you will be able to justify things to him automatically. So itna apko underconfident sound kaniki Sarathmi that is the first thing. Second thing is all of you guys have like two huge shoulders and bodies. So please go ahead with full confidence and full attitude. Qeh itc meh yes sir. Wal attitude. I don't know how does it function in ITC east but with ITC west I have been training some area executives, area managers unki literally banned busy ot. So maybe that is because they have been in the industry and they have been working so unta shoulders. So they will literally essay shrunk and they will be like, like this. Closed. So closed. Body language bilkun irakna you have to keep the shoulders completely wide open. Okay. So we call it the gorilla structure. Like they stand like this, right? They are in high power poses and even research says this Prithvish that people with high power poses are considered the people who have stronger leadership skills. To be strong like that is more important. You know how to lead the team, you know how to take decisions, you know how to take accountability. There are the four things which are more important. Okay, so all in all, body language apka jobi voice with hana vakafi monotonous let's say agarmapoi ghana sunataja a point of time girl. So I need you to take pauses. First thing I need you to stress on the important words. I need you to modulate your voice or just rise and lower your voice when it is required. Conversation apotheosis. You have a poised way of speaking. I want you to continue with that with like hardly a Sybil, then a, .001 then pauses up when you're giving pointers.
Speaker B: No, no, no. I am listening to you and I'm also responding.

Speaker A: So I mean you do not have any questions as of now because I'm not here to just give you suggestions.
Speaker B: No, no. So far, so far I'm just listening to you. If I have any question, I will ask you.
Speaker A: Okay, great. Uh, so this was about your body language. Yes, body language. May subsequent cheese or upper shoulder make sure it sticks. This is your shoulder, this is the chair. Make sure it's like this chair and always because what happens is, I'll tell you, let's say I'm sitting right now a mary PJ gap hair. So I will keep doing this. Right? I think this happens or yebhad unknowingly. No mean cheese chair or shoulder ignum stick hoker first and pair cross nay on it. Pocket my hand and you are not tilting anywhere. And it affects your breath, it affects your voice box, it affects your thinking. Also the moment you start speaking fast, in the similar moment you start losing points. So we do not have to do that. These are few basic things from my end now content wise. First, how have you transformed with ITC? Right. The third will be what have, what are the achievements that you have received? What are the challenges TK? How did you overcome it? What were your expectations then? The difference between the two roles and how are you going to bring in innovation? So do you remember those four points you started with na, right? Area executive. You have done some work of AE, right? After ae say aim ka journey cover kiata boards. The only.
Speaker B: Right. I want one question in this starting. The starting question is the most obvious starting question which happens everywhere is that tell me something about yourself now in that particular question where at what point I should start? Like should I start from like I have. I am born in, brought up in Calcutta blah blah blah from my very birth history to till date or should I like because people know me in this organization. Should I like start from my education directly or my directly. My first company then second company then to my history in ITC. How should I approach that opportunity?
Speaker A: Okay that is the most trickiest question and I keep hearing it. And Prith, there is not, there is no right or wrong answer to it but let's find out what could be your approach. Okay. Okay let's take it in this manner.
Speaker B: Your video got stuck. Just, just repeat once.
Speaker A: Yes I will. Okay. Am I audible now?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Great. So Prithvishi let's say you know a few things about me, TK. Like who is Neha, where am I from, what education I have done, how have I been working with my firm? All these things you already know about me, right? So why do you not want to listen? That is something which is very important. Let's say you have interviewed me for at least two to three times.
Speaker B: No, no. It's becoming. Is becoming repetitive. One same thing. One.
Speaker A: Now help me understand that. How many times have you met an Rakshan?
Speaker B: Actually the fact is I have come here. I have come to this Edo from the eastern district, from head office. I was in a head office profile. So in that mister Sharma was my direct boss for more than a year. So he knows me quite a well. Quite. He knows me actually he knows me well. So. But there was a distance. Like there was a time gap of more than close to two years. The past two years. I mean working here. But prior to that I was that.
Speaker A: How close were you.
Speaker B: Guys there? He knows my family. I know his family. Kind of.
Speaker A: When you go today and you will be like, so Sharmaji Bhabhiji, do you have that rapport with him?
Speaker B: He's a very.

Speaker A: You can just ask about how is your wife, how are your kids, how are you doing? You need not say that. My name is Anil and I have been working with.
Speaker B: No, I know, I know. But what if the chances of asking me this question is very less. It's only 10%. But I am asking what if he asks? It might be a trick question to me. Because generally what happens? The first question is always tell me something about yourself. Or like if. If that question is not right to me that tell me something about yourself is not the right question to me. Then he might directly come to the second question. That should be how you're doing these days. Like where are you positioned? Like right now? He can come to that second question directly. I know that I am preparing for the. My second question. But I'm asking what if? What if you ask then what should I say?
Speaker A: Okay, sorry. Just answer me one thing. Okay. Think about it and answer me as a harbor, what are those one or two most important factors in your life which has helped you grow personally and professionally? One, two factors, not more than that. And something which you could give with the real life example related to your work.
Speaker B: You are asking about some. You are asking about some learning.
Speaker A: Some quality or some learning. We'll see how we can use it. But right now I'm asking about. Like I said, I get bored very easily. Am I audible now? Yeah.
Speaker B: Yes. Yes.
Speaker A: So I'm a person who hates monotony. Okay. And it was because of monotony that I left my first job in four months. Okay.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: Then I joined this particular role. And I have been working here for more than a year now. And, you know, what do I enjoy most about this role is that I get to talk to 50 different people in three months. Okay? And what leads to there is that I'm able to contribute to even 5% of changes in their lives. Professionally, personally, emotionally, mentally. Whatever state you want to take it, take it that way. But agar mah percent change on Pachas logoke life for those three months of time. I'm almost trying to change lives of 200 people a year for, like, Panch person bha. Like 5% into 200. That is the amount of that I have worked for. Right. So if you ask me, Sunil, tell me about yourself. So I'll be like, see, a Pratwish monotony is something which I hate a lot. And that was the reason that I joined here. And, you know, I already have been working with the. So this is if my boss asks me, okay.
Speaker B: Right. This something new and which I have to think of.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: This.
Speaker A: You need not stress yourself because of it.
Speaker B: Yeah, I understand that. I will not do that. Right. This is a good approach.

Speaker A: Yes, please. Yeah. You can start with your journey with Anurag Sharma. Right. So, as you know, sir, I have already worked with you for a good time of one years. After which. Yes. Connected for another.
Speaker B: As far as I know, in. I would not like to start like that. I might. I might. I might start like whatever you have said just right now, that point to pointing to one of my attributes which I am confident of and speaking around that I think that would be a better approach if something happens to me in terms of that question.
Speaker A: Yes. That question never comes to anyone. That question is the most dreadful question anyone ever faces. I hate that.
Speaker B: I will, I will. I will tell you something in my last song from a to m round, mister the DM was that T. Shatish Kumar who is currently the DM of south, south and east. So I. My preparation was made a list of questions for myself. Rajweh preparation. And I start off this question. My first question was tell me something about yourself. And I also made a chain of answers. Like first question would be tell me about yourself. I will close my answer in this word, in this line. And the next question will come from that line. So my next question based on my last sentence of my last question. So like that I made a staircase questions list and answers list. And it got clicked. So every eyes where I started off. The first question was to me. Actually the first question of you tell me something about yourself. I close my question on a particular sentence. The second question come based on that sentence. So my second question, third question, fourth question, everything was like that. Correct. My planning was 100% correct. Based on question asked to me. Right. But. But here the security.
Speaker A: So you
Speaker B: Now the thing is that mister. As far as know Mister Sharma is that he is a person who thinks of the box. He thinks completely out of the box. And in our daily life, you know, work life. This as I do speak of monotony. Our job is also very monotony job. This area manager is manager. Day in and day out. There are four or five job tasks we do every day, every weekly. Weekly there is a sales pressure. Your monthly closure. BM review. DM review. It happens and is a cycle which goes on. Thankfully in this company. It gives us opportunity that people get transferred from different vertical to different vertical. I was in head office. I was looking into cigarette merchandise in pan India. So from cigarette merchandise in Pan India where I had to travel across India. Now I have come to a particular district, a particular geography. Where I'm traveling within a geography only. And my whole skill set has become something else. From something else to something else.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So this company gives us that opportunity. And I have also. I am fortunate that I have. That I have exposed to different kind of exposure in this company. So I was. I got transferred to Jaipur. As I became a m. I went to Jaipur. There I was in Jaipur for one and a half years. I was looking to cigarette merchandising. Then I came to Bengal. Then I again came to. Again came to Bengal. There are lots of like in and out of this state and outside experience. So as far as storyline is concerned, if I see it with calmness in my mind I can make. I can do that. But he is a person who thinks out of the box. He will ask me out of the box questions. If you have done something in this way and you have failed, why having to thought in that way? He always tries to confuse people. Like he will go. If you give him two answers, he will give you third answer and he will ask you why you have not done it is that kind of person. So anticipating his questions and is very difficult. But I think in this particular DM round interview he will not. He will just observe and he want to. He will be. Will be trying to understand what the candidate wants to say. So. So there I need to plan a. Let's see. I'm still thinking on it. I.
Speaker A: So yes, of course. So if you want Prithvish see frankly speaking interference or help. Because in the thinking part of it you can do it better than me. I cannot help you much like I can just take you to through some steps. But you know Anurag Sharma and Sourav Saraf better than I know that, right? So the best thing about your approach is that you are actually thinking staying at their place which I am trying to inculcate in so many other people but I am unable to. So that was my major challenge with all of them. And I'd like you to plan your answers accordingly. You know that what could be the basic questions that they asked, right? So Prithvish, why don't we do one thing. It'll be easier this way. Why don't you think about it? You have taken a leave today, right?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Yeah. So have you taken it for some personal work or do you have good enough time?
Speaker B: No. What is for this preparation only? I have just taken a leave for this preparation.
Speaker A: So I'll not take much of your time. I have already spent almost like 45 minutes with you now. So let's do one thing. You start thinking in that direction. Why don't you frame some answers and send it to me? So apkajo pura planning document share. I'll try and understand if I have something to ask. If I have something to re articulate. Because articulation or accuracy errors. So correction.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Baki apka approach is something which I'd like you to go ahead with. Think in the direction.
Speaker B: Today night and I will let you know. I just want to ask you whatever I have told to you and the way I have told to you. The way I have talked to you. Suggest me where I can improve myself. Like maybe articulation is somewhere I want to work.
Speaker A: See, articulation is a long time process, right?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Meera. Only thing is about two things. One is your thinking process. Second is your presence. Your body language is something which I will not compromise with. Yeah, Prithvish, you have such huge holders here. So that is why I was asking you very personally that whether it is over a video call or a face to face interaction.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: That is more important any more questions for me I'll be available so.
Speaker B: So it's okay I will let you know thank you.
Speaker A: Thank you. Thanks a lot any doubts just give me a call tk and if you want I can conduct one more call for you tomorrow like I think.
Speaker B: I think I will do that because let me prepare myself on that those aspects that we have just discussed so I will let you know we'll have one more round off discussion on this.
Speaker A: This will at least help you keep practice.
Speaker B: Can you give me time tomorrow evening?
Speaker A: What time do you want me to call you tomorrow evening?
Speaker B: Kind of 08:00 p.m.
Speaker A: Thanks a lot bye bye take care prithvishu it okay stop. Yeah.
