Speaker A: Speak to, not rush. Okay. And that helped. So I was thinking before what I was seeing your face down is actually. Yeah. I was keeping that in mind. And still I. It was better. I could feel that different also. Yeah. I didn't rush like I used to. Not play. So basically, the change in pace directly reflects the way you're composed as a person. Yeah. That is the only thing. When people are talking fast, even though they're saying something right and interesting, it won't. Maintaining composure is always. That's why people say, stay chill, stay cool. Yeah. Anyway, so did you try this out? Any different sort of topic altogether? Different discomfort level topics, anything? No, actually, I didn't get time to do all those things. But I did go through this file that you had shared, the articulation part. Except that I didn't specifically prepare on any topic to present. Okay. It's fine. No issues. So today, what I'll give you is we'll have brief discussion. So probably what we can do is you can select a particular topic, like, let's say, case studies is one option that we have to do. Otherwise, I thought I'll explain you about storytelling also. Would you like to go case studies or storytelling? So what is case studies here? I didn't. So, case study format is where we apply critical thinking. So you take a particular general topic where there's multiple amount of interpretations about that particular. So any sensitive topic per se, we can take. NRC. Got it. Anything of that sort, and then discuss the views and then see how well do you place your argument. That is one way to do it. Otherwise, that needs a little bit of preparation also. And another thing is. Okay, notification from you only. Your meet attendees are waiting. Okay. You have one more conflict at the same time. Sorry, sorry. Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead. Storytelling. So whatever we are presenting. So I think storytelling mostly relates to you because you engage in a platform where public is involved. How to showcase stories is one aspect that we can focus on. And then in your presentations. Okay, so let's take storytelling only case study probably this week. We can take certain. Next week. I can prepare for this case study and I can come up with a topic that will do it. Okay. For this, we need to go through a video. Okay. Just share it. So it's a 15 minutes video. So mostly today's session will be completed.
Speaker B: In this only, I guess in 2009.
Speaker A: Can you see it? Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker B: A man, a journalist by the name Rob.
Speaker A: Can you hear it?
Speaker B: The most powerful tool of all. And in order to do this.

Speaker A: Audio has lost Deepak now not able to hear. What now?
Speaker B: Hey, would you like a significant object study? Which means that I would like to write a story to one of the objects. And 200 authors said yes. So there he had 200 objects. He had 200 stories. And I assume that it was with nail biting anticipation that he went on eBay again with all the 200 objects. Would there be a difference? Would there be a change, do you think there was a change? One of the objects was this. This beautiful horse. He said, there we go, the beautiful horse's head. Now, this beautiful horse, I said, was bought for ninety nine cents and was sold when the story was added for $62.95. That is a slight increase of 6395%. So was this a one off situation? Not really, because he bought the 200 objects for a total of $129, selling them for $8,000. Now, that's insane. But you know what's even more intellectually challenging to understand is how can you and I go to the movies and pay good money if you watch movies like James Bond, who are absolutely unrealistic, and we sit there, we enjoy the movie, and some of us, we really enjoy the movie, and we leave the theater going like, what a man. Ha ha. I would like to be more like him. I'd like to walk like him. I'd like to talk like him. I like Bond. Wonder how I could be more like Bond. And then this weird revelation hits you, like, from nowhere, you come up with a brilliant idea to walk to a watchmaker shop and, wow, it just happens to be an omega watch in that shop that resembles the one that bond was wearing in the movie. And you pay $10,000 to put that watch on your wrist, and you leave that store feeling more like Bond. How is that possible? PQ Media tells us that $10.5 billion is turned over in product placement revenue every single year. How is it possible for you to be so easily tricked by something so simple as a story? Because you are tricked. Well, it all comes down to one core thing. That is emotional investment. The more emotionally invested you are in anything in your life, the less critical and the less objectively observant you become. And the greatest emotional investment of all is falling in love. And falling in love resembles a good story. Do you remember the last time you fell in love? Yeah. Good for you. It's a beautiful feeling, isn't it? Do you remember how you longed and how you yearned and how you dreamt? Then you looked at her and maybe you thought, God, I love the way you chew that apple. So crunchy and the way you slurp that tea just over the edge, you know, oh, so sexy. Love it. And then about 13 months later, when you biochemically fall in out of love, 30 months later, on an average, you fall out of love. Suddenly you find yourself sitting in the sofa and you go, Jesus Christ, where did this thing come from? Oh, my God. And where are my friends? This is a weird thing. And then suddenly you hear a sound. You're like, what's that? You go over to the kitchen and you look and you go like, oh, it's you. You're eating an apple there. Can you just keep that down just a little bit? Yeah, you're kind of spraying the table there. Please don't. And you sit down comfortably again. And just a minute later, you hear somebody drinking tea from the kitchen going. And suddenly this is all annoying to you. Have you been there? Sadly enough, 30 months later, our critical thinking and our cortex comes home from a one year long vacation, and we start questioning things. Now, during those 30 months, what happened was that your brain was flooded with neurotransmitters and hormones hijacking your cortex, throwing your objectively observant skills out of the window. And the thing with storytelling is that the same thing can happen in stories. The same hormones and neurotransmitters can be released. Hormones like vasopressin, oxytocin, serotonin, dopamine, endorphins. And you know what? That's what I would like to do during my talk. I would like to induce three hormones into your brain. I call it the angels cocktail. So it's a nice cocktail. I would like to start with radically increasing your dopamine levels, and I need your consent on this. Is it. Okay, cool. If you don't like the idea of that, you just have to cover your ears. So dopamine, this is what it looks like. And when you have that in your blood, these are the beautiful effects. You get more focus, more motivation, and you remember things in a better way. So what does dopamine feel like? It feels like this. About six years ago, I received a phone call from a woman who represented one of the biggest training companies in Scandinavia. She said, hey, david, we've got a lot of trainers in presentation skills and in rhetoric, and we would like to increase the level of all of these. And when you think you are a perfect pick, would you like to come to a meeting? I'm like, wow, I'm honored. I'd love to. And I come up to Stockholm, and I'm going to their office. And just as I am going to pull the handle down, what I don't know then is that I'm walking into one of the absolute worst meetings I am ever going to have in my life. But I don't know that yet. So it's okay. I open the door and I meet this woman, her name is Liana. And hurriedly she says, david, just so you know, I'm not the one you're going to have this meeting with. You can have it with three gentlemen further on here. And I'm like, okay, that's a bit strange. And usually you know who you're going to have the meeting with. And then she progresses with a bit of chit chatting. And then suddenly she says, are you ready now? And I'm like, yeah, what should I be ready for? And then she says, just, you know, can you see the room over there? And I go like, yes, I can see. Well, in that room you have the three gentlemen. Just so you know, they're all majority owners of this company. They've all got an ex military background, and then none of them wants the training that you are going to pitch. I'm like, come on, why am I here? And it's like, well, all the trainers want this, but the management are on too high horses. They can't see that they need it. So it's pretty simple. The only thing you have to do is go in there and kind of, you know, just prove the opposite. I'm like, yeah, that sounds simple, doesn't it? And I can remember myself. I'm walking towards this office, my sweat is coming down my palms, my heart is racing, and just halfway there and she calls my name. And I still to this day, don't know if this woman is sad or masochistic or just downright unintelligent, because she calls my name and she goes like, david. And it's like, I'm going to get the tip, you know, something like that. So I turn around to ask if you go like. And she said the following. If I don't tell you what she says, though, is that annoying? Well, actually, as an example, I'm not going to do that. I just wanted to prove to you what it feels. With high dopamine levels, would you say that your focus was increased, your attention was increased?

Speaker A: Are you connecting so far? Yes. Yes.
Speaker B: Deepak, you were creative. You created situations around this, and you probably already figured out what that room looked like. Correct. And you remember that I did that to you for quite a while now. The feeling you had there was high levels of dopamine, which is beautiful. So how do you do that? Well, what you do is you build suspense. You launch a cliffhanger. And the most beautiful thing of all is that all storytelling is, per definition, dopamine creating, because it's always something that we're waiting and expecting. So just imagine, just by using storytelling, you can get those techniques. You don't have to do a cliffhanger like I did. So that was the first hormone. I'd now like to go to oxytocin. Is that okay as well? I'll induce that. All right. The beautiful effects of oxytocin are the. You become more generous, you trust me more, and you bond to me. You want to do that. All right. All right. So this was nine months have passed.
Speaker A: And Deepak, I can only hear the audio. The video has been the little brother.
Speaker B: Who was five years of age.

Speaker A: Could we just check your connection? You're getting free now. And then. 1 second, just. And how we need to build our story in order to get the audience reaction as expected, and the various steps to that video. Let's go from the beginning. What are the key learnings that you grab? Yeah. First thing he told was to, like, he talked about narration, how we need to narrate and what kind of reaction that we expect from the audience. And he told about this angel's cocktail and about the devil's cocktail. And we need to also, like, build our, like, story. Like, we need to first understand what it is and we need to write down the story what exactly it is. And then we need to highlight or index what exactly we are expecting from the audience. If you are trying to tell something, which is which, we have to build empathy between the. With the audience. We need to index that in a proper way so that we. We need to. We are expecting exactly from audience and the. The similar kind of dopamine. Or he talked about the endorphin and all those chemical reactions. The. The angels cocktail that we are expecting. Cocktail, basically of three dopamine endorphins. Oxytocin. Oxytocin. Yeah. So we need to index our story in a such a way that we need to get the exact reaction, what the. What we are expecting while doing the storytelling.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker A: Precisely. So storytelling. Now, how do you think storytelling would actually help you in your work, storytelling here? So, as I said, we had discussed, we sometimes meet clients or partners, whoever it is, sometimes it is very difficult to make them understand technical words. So in this scenario, I can think of that. I mean, using this story or taking a reference of something which happened in a drastic way now in some other competitive client or something, explain them in a very similar way by building a story to them, like using these things, and explain the technical, technical concept to them in a more interesting way by using the storytelling concept so that it doesn't seem more technical for them. Okay? Yes, precisely. So what we are going to do is now taking this as a queue, as you said, client will have limited information about whatever the technical aspect they're going to hear from you, right?
Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Not complete information. So you need to tone your technical jargons little down and then explain them in the future. So let's take a live example like that. And then I'll be your hypothetical client. And then probably you can explain it to me. So suggest me a topic where, what is the typical kind of explanations or interactions that you have with your client? Anything on that particular subject? I'll just go through it briefly. What you can do, you can. What we can do is a role play kind of situation. I'll act as your client. Okay. You will be the actual person, usual person. So you are coming down to explain me the problem or whatever, the thing that you are going to present. So set a previse so that I will also will do some basic preparation about the topic so that I blind on it. Yeah. And then I'll see how you are explaining the things so that I can connect my dots. Okay. Can you suggest something that. Yeah, I have one in my mind, Deepak, so what? I mean, I will never be in this situation. Normally this will be taken care of by managers or directors directly, but I have heard this kind of scenarios by my manager. So he'll be sharing this kind of scenarios with me. One such is that every time they go for a client to approach that, we as a deloitte provide these many services to you. And so we see these many loopholes or these many possible scenarios where we can pitch in and we can do services. I mean, we can provide services to you as a client. So in that, in that manner, then they will call, I mean, communicate with the CSO, the chief information security officer, the chief technological officer. They will be communicating with them and they will be explaining. So I have heard that he will be telling, like what, what is happening in cyber world in recent times. So what if these kind of things are not patched or not implemented in your organization? What might go wrong and what services we do? And what are our experiences with other clients? Who has, who has taken our approach to fix or patch all those environment and what is the benefits for them. This is brilliant. What we can do instead of just going blind on this thing, you suggest me, what are the typical industries that you give services for? And then taking that industry into account, I'll explore the cyberspace related to that industry. And then once you start pitching in, in Delaware's point of view about why in your particular kind of industry, why it is needed and all, I also have some doubts. And then we can have an actual role by kind of a situation. Okay, so typically the client varies, Deepak, in this case. So for example, if I, if we approach a company like what I say just for example, if I take a company like Facebook, our approach would be morely on the application side, like how the mobile application is built. Or you may be aware that Facebook can be accessed via tablet, maybe APK file, I mean the Android application or through the website. So we give them services, like we provide this ethical hacking kind of concepts to provide security infrastructure or our expertise in this web application and Android applications. Similarly, there are other application, other providers, like educational institutes, like some manipal, for example. So manipal universities. So for them, what we, what we suggest is you have an online examination application. So these are the possible scenarios where a student can do a malpractice in this technology driven thing. Everybody are very much interested in. They know how to use a mobile application. They know various applications are pre built to do, to do malicious thing. So, like they might use this RDP kind of applications where some other user can take examination behavior. So such kind of things we bring up. Bring. I mean, we, we come up with the client with all these test cases, what a student can do a malpractice to malpractice to pass an examination, get a good grade in examination. So these test cases and all we'll be presenting with them. So depends on the industry that we are. Yeah, you tell me any industry. I'll. I'll work upon it. You only can. We can go with education sector itself, Deepak. It will be vast. And also we can have a lot of things to discuss. Education sector. Yes. Right. So suppose an educational institution is conducting exams, an online exam, like a competitive kind of an exam at various levels. Yes, exactly. This is good. This is good. Yeah. Or how they have deployed even this. Apart from this application level, we also sometimes think about how it is deployed. For example, there will be a cloud service, there will be a in house servers that they'll be hosting. Like what if, what if an attacker not only gets the application that he hacks through that, he'll. There will be some IP address that gets disclosed through that IP address, he will identify what server it is hosted on. And I mean, there is a very, I mean, in depth, there is a chaining of events that happens. Yeah. I'll research upon this thing. So I'll make a note of this, that I'll be your client from an educational institution, university who is approaching that. I'll build a story of this.
Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah, you build us. So the role play is predominantly focused on you. So what you have to do is you come with a pitch of ten minutes. Sure. So what I will do is I'll prepare one ppt on that and I'll build story on. Is there a PPP? Yes. And then you convey it through a storytelling process about various things. So once you are done with your PowerPoint presentation, then we'll have the conversation. So, based upon whatever research I have done and then whatever you have presented, if I still have doubts, I'll ask you and then see how your responses come out. Are you able to maintain the same composure when you are actually presenting as well as when you are interacting with the client also. Got it. Okay. So when you're presenting, you're being more mindful. Let's say you have practice and so on and so forth you're doing. And then once the client start asking questions about the same, are you flinching anywhere or, you know, losing your pace? And then again, starting with your own. So that difference will try to identify. This will give us more insight about an actual scenario. Actually, role play helps. Sure, Deepak, I'll do that. Yeah. Okay. So I think that's about it. Storytelling is what I wanted to discuss. We'll discuss more in our next conversation. So I believe we have next meeting. Yeah, next meeting in our next Thursday. Exact same. Next week. Yeah. Okay. So we have enough time to go through all these things. So let me know if you need any help prior or if I have any sort of queries regarding this industry and then the client kind of. Sure. What I will do, I'll share, just like last time, how I shared. Like by first off, the article, right, about five. I'll share the PPT as well. Just you go through that. You might have some questions while looking at.
Speaker B: Sure, I will do that. Thanks a lot. Thanks, Deepak. Thank you. Bye.
