Speaker A: So I'm just trying to see where we take this ahead from. So let's talk about, let's extend from the subject that we have been talking about since morning, which is about product.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: I want to understand from team's perspective that what are some of the challenges that you personally face and what you observe in other team members that affects overall productivity.
Speaker B: Okay. I do see two to three things here. I'll speak from the team's perspective first, and I'll also talk about a few things that I've been seeing as, as I've started managing ops from the last few weeks again. So one is that when we sit to work, there are, there are we, we always try and plan it. So we plan the way we are going to do our work, what are the tasks that we have planned for the day? And we try and go through that plan that we have made in the morning. But what happens is that even after knowing the fact that there's a lot of ad hoc work that we keep getting, we never go back and check what made that an ad hoc work. So what happens is there's something or the other that we'll have to do, which was supposed to be done earlier, we didn't pay attention and now we are doing it. But we term it as ad hoc. But we never go back and see why was it termed as ad hoc right now, what could I have done in the past so that I could have remembered it better? So now we know that all the batches get delayed a bit, which we treated as a problem, but we never go back, diagnose what is the reason and then change things right now unless it becomes a very big problem. So this was one thing that I have seen and observed over the past. Now I, this was something that I told Neha also that we know that there are things. So for example, even when you're tracking time. So I see that, okay, there was, there were, there was one report that I had to make and I made it in one 1 hour, let's say. So most to most what happens. I'll see that. Okay. There were two reports that I had planned. I finished both of them. Both of them took 1 hour. So here is where I stop. I don't go ahead and see that was that 1 hour really needed? Could I have done it in the, in some lesser, less time? So was that possible or not? This is something that we don't do. So a lot of things when we keep doing them, we just keep doing them to finish them. And we don't go back and reflect. Could that be better? And that is one of the reasons why, when somebody says, like, when you say, why can't we do this? Why can't we change the format? Or why can't we, uh, make it in a different way? Or why can't we just, um, you know, say that, okay, the reports are not needed. We don't make them. So a lot of times, because we don't, you know, think of. Think of the reasons how we can change. It never occurs to us, uh, all these things that you mentioned, that this was one of the main thing that may. Main things that, uh, I had observed. Now, talking from my own perspective, I've seen that even if I now, this is my personal challenge, may not be the team's challenge, and I know where exactly do I need to improve? And I'm working on it. But this is something that happens with me. So I know, what are the, what is the plan for the day for me, I can also prioritize them. I can also start doing them. There are two things that happen. One is either in between, there is something that somebody said, I found it interesting, and I started investing time on that. And then it becomes difficult to keep track of time, because then there's a, you know, there's a dilemma that is this important? Is this important? Which one is more important? I need to do both. So. So there are things like this. The other thing that I have observed in my own pattern is that at times, this thing that you mentioned in the morning was something that I found interesting, and maybe it might solve some of the problems. One is that either you mention it or Namita mentioned it, that there are phases in which you work. So there are phases where you are very productive and where you can think a lot and you can do all those thinking tasks, whereas there are days or phases in a day where you'll just do transactional things where a lot of processing is not needed, a lot of thinking is not needed. So high on thinking activities and low on thinking activities. So many times, for example, when I have a coaching call plan and I prepared really hard for that coaching call, but then, let's say my coaching got busy. So now, when that, when I have that particular window, I was already in a, you know, in a state where my mind was functioning faster. I could have, you know, so I could have taken something which. Where I could have thought a little bit and applied that depth of thing, depth in thinking and all of that and done something. Whereas I don't realize the fact that this is also a decision that I can take, that do I do a high on effort, high on mental effort task, or do I, you know, if my mind is tired. So I just do a transactional thing where I don't need to spend a lot of mental energy. So this was another thing that Namita mentioned morning. And I. I found it very interesting because we never think from this perspective about when is my productive time and when is when it's not a productive time.

Speaker A: So it seems that there are a few things. There are quite a few things that we don't think about. Okay. One is about the idea of anticipating my day rather than just planning my day.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Okay. So anticipating what might come in and what I must do. So there are certain things that I intend to do. That's my deliberate plan. And there are certain things that emerge during the day. This is the nature of every plan in the world.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: Are you with me? So while we. About the deliberate plan, we do not anticipate about what might emerge. So that's the second thinking that we are not doing, is that if in case something comes up to me, instead of reacting to it, I at least think about why this has come. Do I need to do it right now?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: How does it affect my overall plan? How do I rework my schedule? So this sort of thinking, the analytical thinking approach, is also missing. Then thinking about priority. There are different actions. Which one takes greater priority? Like you said, whether a is more important or b is more important. And if both are important and I have only so much time, other options do I have? Then there is a periodic reflection about what are some of the common problems that I'm experiencing. Repeatedly spotting a pattern of problems and trying to deal with it, rather than dealing with each problem every time. Okay, so there is a pattern of problems. That means there is a disease which treatment. It doesn't just need a pill. Okay. That's not a pattern. Rose. Rose?
Speaker B: Yeah. It's a repetitive pattern.
Speaker A: So this sort of thinking is also missing.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So this brings me to a question that no. Weather. Prioritization, importance, planning, reflection. Many of these thinking processes. Understanding my peak productive and less productive time. What? Paying. Paying attention to emotions that how am I feeling about something? What should I do? There are many of these things that. That we are not doing as a habit. I am curious that why are we not doing it? Is it that we are not aware of it? Or is there some other thing which is stopping us from doing it?
Speaker B: I feel these are a few things when see like when. The morning when Namita said this, it occurred to me that, yeah, it really makes sense. So I feel that we don't have enough conversations, so maybe there can be one reason where we don't realize that it's a problem that is happening because we are not doing something right. So the general language or articulation that you see around time management and efficiency and effectiveness, all of it, is that something came up, and that's why I could not work. So I could not complete my time is always a reason to something that happened externally.
Speaker A: Okay, so one thing is that making sense, we find external reasons. So are you saying that, is it a sort of justification, or is it. Or what is it?
Speaker B: Yeah, it can be. So this is something that I've seen, not especially from the perspective of time management and efficiency, but whenever you are questioned about something, mostly when people are saying that you have made a mistake over here, and I. We want. And I want you to look at it, the first reaction is defense, that. Denial and defense, the concept that we talk about. So the first reaction is, no, no, it's not like that. This is why I have done that. So the similar thing is happening in terms of managing our time and work better. Now, when you ask someone that, why did you not do it on time? Or why did you not think about it? The first thing is, you know, for the first thing is that a lot of things came up, and there were other things that I was asked to do, and that is why I could not do it. So I could not do. It is always a reason that we. That I hear people giving when they're asked about managing they better.

Speaker A: Denial and defense behavior. Here, it's the source. Do you have any sense that where is it originating from? What's there in our culture or in the behavior of some of the people, or specifically me, which may be leading to this sort of behavior. Why is there a need to feel defensive?
Speaker B: I think. I think first, there are a few biases which are hardwired in the brains. So all of us used to work pretty much without structure earlier. But right now, even when we have a lot of structure at different places, it's something that is hardwired, that this is how it happens. This is how ad hoc works come. Ad hoc work comes in. So some things, you know, have become a very generic reasons or, you know, something that used to keep happening earlier. The people don't realize that all of that is changing slowly. So those biases may be one thing. For example, there was. There was this particular there was this particular day when I was speaking to Neha and the conversation was more around. Some reports were not made and why were they not made? So, so it was like her first reaction was, okay, I had to do this. Also, I had to do this. And there are these sessions and all. Then somebody asked me to do this ad hoc. This was not in the plan earlier. How do I plan my work better? So there was one thing that I asked that, you know, it's a rule. We all know that before the session happens, we make that the reports are complete. It was not something where you were to be told by someone. It was something that you already knew. So then she said no. But then I had these, all other ad hoc works. So what do I do about them? So somewhere or the other, either, you know, we feel that there's some other person who's been giving us work they don't understand because there's no structure. There can be these biases, or probably people have, you know, sort of taken it for granted that, okay, we don't have a control over our work. And this is how the nature of the work is. So if there's something which is. So, for example, most of the times, what happens with the MEc reports, people, you know, dive into a lot of, like when you, when you would want to make out literal meanings of the word. So there was this conversation that we had with Fareen the other day. There was a sentence that she wrote in Vinay's report where she said, Vinay or Dinesh's report. So she said that you use a lot of context specific words which, which are very so, which make your sentences well articulated. This was a comment that she wrote. And in an example, there was a sentence. The sentence was, I took spent my day reflecting about different things. So the sentence itself is incorrect in terms of grammar. When he asked Farin that why is this an example of a well articulated sentence? Her first reaction, or the explanation was it has reflection, which is a specific word. So some, some things like these, which, you know, somehow or the other, I'm not sure why, but they just get hardwired in our brain and we look only I. Interleaving and interacting different is also one of the reasons why people are not able to do it well. Okay, for example, for farine, taking, for example forward, when she said that it was in the sentence, was an example of well articulated sentence because there was a word called reflection used in it, and the person did not use thought over it. So instead of saying thought over it, he said, reflect, and that was a specific word, whereas she did not look at, you know, in layman terms, well articulated, well articulated sentences, also about, you know, those words that are not required there. So it was clearly a grammar error, but then she still used it as an example. And it took us many items, many iterations to help her understand that this sentence was not you, what you would use in example.

Speaker A: Okay, what are some of the challenges that you see at the organizational level? For example, are there leadership issues that you see that might be indirectly resulting into this? Are there any personal quirks that I have which might be resulting into this, or do you feel that. So, not everybody comes to me all the time. Many times they go to each other. So that also becomes a method of. So that is like an informal leadership that might also lead to challenges. So do you see some problems in that area?
Speaker B: Okay, so there are two, three things that I can think of right now. One is that earlier, when it was just you, me, and Payal, let's say when we were small and a close group, we sort of knew the system well, we knew how we work well, and we understood why certain things are done. And that is why, like you said, that there were a lot of tacit conversations that we would have, and you would just understand that this was supposed to be done and which took care of a lot of systems and processes, even if you did not ask. We knew that it had to be done and we were doing it. Now what has happened is since the. Since the team has grown, either we, either those tacit communication, either that tacit communication, either we did not articulate it very well, and people started coming up with different assumptions, which we never said. So, you know, it would happen with me sometimes that someone would say that this is how it has to be done. And I would be surprised that nobody, like neither you nor I, nor even payal or Ruthuja would understand that particular process to be done like that. So I can't remember the examples well, but then there were places where this has. This had happened earlier. So that can be one reason where with, as the team grew, we could have made some changes in the way we work, which we didn't do. And that's why the overall, we don't have the control over work. That, because I remember that I heard people saying that since there are coaching calls and we have to talk to people outside, and those people also have their work life, so our work life really depends on them. So whenever you would say, I wouldn't make a call, so it really depends on them. And hence we don't have a control. So there were things like that also. And where we went wrong was probably we did not solve those problems, not really problems, but we never considered those sentences. Something that needed to be solved, already articulated or explained. So that could be one. The second thing that I see is that looking at a few of last exit interviews that we have conducted, a lot of people talked about, there was no clarity in what were we doing. Everyone was giving us different work. So. So, for example, you would also talk to the interns. We would also talk to those people. And there were other team members. For example, when we formed that team, Shivendu Sonal, the four of us had our teams. So the team members will also talk to them. But we didn't really have one place where all of this was getting documented at one point of time. Is there something where I can, you know, just check that. Okay. What is one person doing? So all the three parties who were giving different instructions, they didn't know how much are they already doing. So probably there were some of some confusions over there. Who exactly is giving me instructions? Where is the flow of work coming from? Whom do I prioritize? So, general for people, was that because sir told us this, this gets the priority. So this has to be done.

Speaker A: Okay. So now let's try to think a little about the future. In the app, we have built this provision that the operations team will allocate work through the app.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: Okay. And over there, we are trying to create a process that any action which is allocated to you, any objectives that are allocated to you, they are done in advance. So if there is anything which is an action on the same day, that will also get noted over there.
Speaker B: So at least.
Speaker A: This whole thing that what was asked of me when it was asked of me out there, more clear. There will be more data. Okay. Like, right. What happens is that, let's say you were asked to submit something ten days ago, right? And you were given a deadline, but you missed it.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker A: It was not in your plan, but now that the deadline is missed, so you are asked to do it again.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: The system will not recognize this as an ad hoc action. The system will not recognize it as a same day objective.
Speaker B: Correct. It will mark it as a pending accident.
Speaker A: You missed a deadline and that's why it is there. So if you avoid this, what it does is it has a screen where you see your objectives and related actions and it gives you start date, it gives you the deadline. It also tells you a priority. What is critical. What is moderate, which is no priority. And it will also have an option for the priority to change with time.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: Okay, so the, at the back end, when you, when you keep logging in on a regular basis. So every time you'll be able to see on your sheet that certain priorities were that were earlier. Low have become moderate, moderate has become high, high has become critical.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: Are you with me so far? And then what it does is that it will give you an option to checkbox those objectives that you are going to tackle today. Okay, so imagine if you have, let's say, 50 actions or 50 different deliverables on your sheet. Out of that, based on the deadline and based on the priority, you have the freedom to pick and choose what you are going to do today. So when you checkbox it and click submit, it will take you to your time charter page.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: On that page, you will see that those actions listed over there. And then you have empty boxes in which you can now allocate time. But this is how much time I'm going to give each action. Once allocated time, it will show you.
Speaker B: The total time also total time remaining or the total time that you planned for yourself.
Speaker A: Okay, we'll show you both how much you have planned. So it will not remaining depends upon you. No, there is no fixed time.
Speaker B: Right. As in how much do I have available and how much I have planned for available.
Speaker A: It doesn't say. It only says how much you picked for today. So it's almost like occupied.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So it'll show you. So first select the actions that you want to perform. Then you do a rough estimate of time each of them would require. When you enter your estimates, it will give you your total. And based on that, you can decide whether it is more than what you can or it is a stretch target and you are confident you will be able to do it or you feel that you can actually do more.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So let's do this. That we create a batch wise list and the actions and allocation and everything. So if we have to do this, what are some of the possibilities that you see and what are some of the major challenges that you see?
Speaker B: Okay, major challenges. One would definitely be, you know, like when we had those status reports and everything. So we had, we swami deep actually had to tell each person to sit and fill it. So getting the people fill the sheet can be one thing or whatever it is. It's either a Google form or whatever it is, getting them to actually fill it. So if we can do, you know, if we can make a system or something or a process where this is the, this is the first thing that you have to do every day. This is how your, you know, to do list for the day or plan of the day or action sheet of the day is prepared. So if we can do that, this challenge would arise that, you know, getting people to actually fill it, that can be one. This is one challenge that I see right now. What was the other thing that you asked?
Speaker A: The, the possibilities and the roadblocks.
Speaker B: For example, if I know that I have to make reports and it's there in my sheet and it's been communicated to me now, I am only the person who is deciding how much time will it take? And I am only writing now how much I spent doing it. So here, as everybody fills it, everyone has a different perspective about how much time that work takes. So an area of work for us, maybe the ops team, would be to make sure that everyone knows how to understand this. Or if they are estimating a little too much, how do they get to know the right amount or at least an ideal amount of time that they can spend?

Speaker A: I'm saying that if you're. If one batch, let's say the revenue is two lakh 50,000, right? And you are saying that the manpower cost element of that should not be more than 30%. So 30% of two lakh 50,000 is 75,000, right? 75,000 total cost permissible.
Speaker B: So this is one more bias that people may or may not understand. So for example, like you mentioned about, you know, the cost that is included and the amount of hours that we are spending over that particular batch. Now, if you look at in reverse, you know, idea also. Now let's say if I have a batch like GSK medical team, and let's say if I have a batch like AP Khandala. Now, a general tendency or a general believes that a coaching goal is 30 minutes, right? So this should also change and people should understand that, right? Because probably the kind of value that we need for GSK medical batch that probably may require more time, but then the kind of value that we need for AP Khandala is not that high. So you don't spend that many hours in that. Whereas how do I understand that in lesser. So for example, if I'm spending 10 hours, how do I understand that I can create so and so value. And I have to create that in 7 hours. So this is also a concept that many coaches right now may not understand unless they are told about it.
Speaker A: So instead of telling people about it, let's start declaring each batch the actions and the total time allocation to that.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So I want you to think about this over the weekend. And in fact, not just over the weekend. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Theme in social Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday I'm in Mumbai. Thursday I'll be in August. So I want you to think about this. And Thursday. Let's block some time and start this thing of actually allocating actions to people like we would do in the app.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And then we will let Navita find ways to enable people to deal with it.
Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So essentially, team as a bategi, that will make Shivendu responsible to monitor the value delivered to the client. You will be responsible to ensure that the programs are being run in an efficient manner without any internal quality issues. And Navitha would be responsible to equip people with whatever tools, knowledge, skills, capability, counseling they require.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Okay, so think a little more about this. And then what are your thoughts? What do you feel about this?
Speaker B: I think this is, this. This will really work because, you know, a lot of pricing and those hardwired mental models that I was talking about in the beginning of the call will also be solved here. Because now that they will understand how exactly are we deciding the hours, it will also help them understand how different batches are different from each other. So. And hence the structure of work. And now, after everything, the hour, calculation, everything, when it boils down to, okay, these are the, you know, actions that are required to be done today, tomorrow, over this weekend. So then I can plan my day accordingly. So that that will really help. And at least the people would start seeing the structure that they would need to. They can follow for better work.
Speaker A: Anything you want to ask?
Speaker B: Not right now. I have a few ideas. Once I think a little bit more, probably I can create some formats around that.
Speaker A: So why don't you save this clip and share the recording with me? So I use this for the NVC reports also.
Speaker B: Yes. I'll stop the recording and I'll share it.
