Speaker B: Wrongly communicate.
Speaker A: It's easier for you to track the differences, track the trends. You keep adding sentences to it and you can always seek the code. This was the first time and second assignment. My mistakes are different. Right. So it's easier for us.
Speaker B: Yes. I will maintain none that exist.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So the one is highlighted in yellow is the corrected sentence.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Okay. Let me just maximize so that you can read it. Yeah.
Speaker B: I also maximize.
Speaker A: My favorite holiday destination. Would always my hometown.
Speaker B: Always for my hometown.
Speaker A: Always b.
Speaker B: Always.
Speaker A: B. Always b. My hometown. That is Konkan. Konkan. I think Konkan spelling rather than a holiday destination. I would as my second thick. I would name it as my second. I would name it. Or I could. I would call it. Right. I call it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I call it just a shorter version or alternate version.
Speaker B: Yeah. This time I prefer sentence. Because whenever I choose linear sentence, most of the happen their propositions. Because of that I. Lot of the industries in my.

Speaker A: All right. Many things like beaches and the malware fort. These beaches are very famous for tourists. Most of the peoples they cannot.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Person and people. Okay, I want individual sentences as.
Speaker B: Yes, yes. Okay.
Speaker A: Many things. Right. Now, beaches are location and not things.
Speaker B: Um, then that case comes.
Speaker A: The things are used for objects.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Right. Then what? If you want to be more specific, you can say things. You can say exercises, activities. Locations.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Tourist attractions. Right. So specific word, I think here would be. There are many tourist attractions.
Speaker B: Yes, yes. The Pacific facility. Yes, I got it.
Speaker A: I got it. Because what we say in Hindi is bought sari cheese. But exactly. Specific.
Speaker B: Specific. Yes.
Speaker A: Right. Water sports, bots are here.
Speaker B: Greenery.
Speaker A: It's known for its nature.
Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: It is in the lap of nature is something that we use. These beaches are very famous for tourists. Or these beaches are favorite tourist destination. Those destinations, right. Ssabling. Right. Most of the people it are goes near. Right. Goes already jar. I hate.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: People go.
Speaker A: Most of the people go for scuba diving. Right. This is very famous in malware. Now, they. Most of the people go in scuba diving is a sentence. And this is very famous in malware is another sentence. Now, if you're using two things in one sentence, a conjunction. J, that joined Katana and. But. Cause although, conjunctions, right. Adoni.
Speaker B: Although, although, like that.
Speaker A: Okay, here is. And most of the people go for scuba diving, right. Which is very famous this Nikolay, which is very famous in Albany. I think they have started it. It was two and a half weeks. Okay. Yeah, it was. I think they started it two and a half years ago. So, yeah. Structure. So sometimes. So are you actually correcting the sentences or are you writing it from scratch? Let's say a sentence goes.
Speaker B: Mostly. I prefer to edit that sentence.
Speaker A: Don't do that. This is why you will get stuck.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Right. Because already there will be a translation error. We'll never identify a translation error. Cat. It's a simple.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I think they started did this. Let's say not being up a specific neighbor years ago.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: They started kissing. Ability success. Coba diving.
Speaker B: To plan.
Speaker A: So try to form a sentence from scratch. Most of the people visited Moscow diving and also to eat Konkan food. Now a sentence must have tense deco. Just watch the tense here.
Speaker B: First sentence means most of the people visited for the scuba diving.
Speaker A: The co visited is what tense?
Speaker B: This is a past tense.
Speaker A: Past tense, right. First COVID having. And also. Also to eat. So tense may sometimes try to understand what we are trying to say. That's when we will understand the tense. Visit kart kuva. Translation error qa zadas is a log. Scuba diving. Kelly ate or seafood. Khanakili.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Donaga. Tense mix oga. Englishman.
Speaker B: Hmm.

Speaker A: Right. Direct translate visited oga or also khani kilia siyam. Correct. Try to form a new sentence. What are two things that they come.
Speaker B: Most of the people came. Came for.
Speaker A: So at a. Hey. Right. So we want to use present tense. For example, I eat breakfast. Yes, I eat breakfast at 07:00 jobi time. Oh, jobi dinho Mehros Kartha. Then I eat right. Instead of came.
Speaker B: Because camera is a fasting. Come, come for scuba diving. And. Yeah, no need to directly told about that. They almost seafood for the eating.
Speaker A: I don't know why that came to me. Anyway. Mostly I prefer to travel to beaches to capture a view of the sunset and sunrise. Right. Now capture say for me, I feel you are going to photograph there. Is that the meaning or is it a different meaning?
Speaker B: I'm going for the capturing the means. I'm going for the sunrise and sunset view for my inspiration.
Speaker A: Directly, of course. Capture meaning photographic. Yeah. But if you see it in this way. I prefer to travel to beaches to capture a view of this. To captures the mujah Matlab Raya Kevin photography sunset. But I think that was not the intended meaning. The intended meaning was you love sunrise and sunset at the beach.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. So how can we write that.
Speaker B: Up to this is the right center? Mostly. Mostly I prefer to travel.
Speaker A: I prefer travel to beaches. Meaning change. Pelebium. The verb needs to be changed.
Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: What was it that you are trying to say. And we can find the right verb for.
Speaker B: I go for basically to actually. When suppose my woman could view.
Speaker A: That is also an easier forming.
Speaker B: What visualizing is.
Speaker A: You simply go into there to enjoy the view.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. I prefer to travel to beaches to.
Speaker B: Enjoy the view of the sunset.
Speaker A: The sunset and sun. Abdo use here sundress and rise. Now you can always add details. Our verbs are effectively used. Karna, right. Over what? Right over the sea. A lot of things you can describe now, okay, why do you love it? Now you say, okay, you enjoy the view of the sun at sunset and sunrise. Correct. You have to tell me why you do it or what is it about it. For example, you can see Mohul Kyata. What is the atmosphere? What is the ambience over there that really, that is something that you really enjoy. World is right. It gives even new name. It given. Present. It give, yeah, gives. Right. It gives, for example, it give. They give singularity. Ulta.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Right. It gives you short hair.
Speaker B: Shooter short means, uh. I can click of that. When we click it, camera short. Yeah. Photo should be cast. But when it starts to be photo.
Speaker A: Captured, the meaning changes. Right. Now, if you're using the word gives, Mother Nature photoshoot gives you an opportunity to capture classic photo. Right. Classic photograph. Now, so the description of what over there is missing from our general. Right. Agaram Deke Alvan for beaches. Right. Seafood, all of these things. In these things, we can add more descriptions.
Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Right. So what is famous, for example, right. The seafood is a. What is it like? Prawns are the most famous. We have a konkani spicy prawn curry that is very famous. So if you go for diving, there are so many locations. There's a whole coral reef where you can go for hours and hours together. Right. If the sun sets and tell me which are the beaches that are most famous for it. Or you can get the most amazing views over there. Why? Because they'll describe it. Is it just there? Is it that you see the Makan fort and the sun sets over the malware. Now, why, why do add these details? Why do you feel that we should add this?
Speaker B: You know, basically when we added something specific that. So it gives more detail about that. People more curious about when they think about that place. More curious about that place.
Speaker A: Why does it, why does it raise curiosity?
Speaker B: Curiosity. Because we added the specific about that.
Speaker A: Because when you are talking like that, I am able to visualize it.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: When you talk like that, when you telling me the specifics, tell me why you love the bridge. I'm actually able to visualize. Tell me, let's say at the evening, just imagine you're sitting at the wet sand, right? There are children playing around. There are those horse carriages going to playing. There are those dune bikes going around, right. And that's just the chirping of birds in the ambience. Right. You're having, let's say you cut description there you have in hand, right. You have one bearing and you're watching us. That is one of the beautiful things that are one of my most favorite things to do at the beach. You're there with your friends, you're having a chit chat, right. And the sunset is then, it's now dark.
Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: So we now go to our most favorite place, XYZ restaurant, where we like to eat my seafood with dish. XYZ shrimp on a crab, whatever you eat. So those type of descriptions, we go to this restaurant there, which is the best, this place, this dish. Right. So those things will really, when someone is listening, will actually transport that person. Okay, right. And in presentations, of course, we can use imagery, correct?
Speaker B: Yeah. I understand this.
Speaker A: Because of the verbs that we were trying to search, right? Yeah, right. Buddhist attractions, just a verb. Those kind of verbs which fall in short of us. We feel, we ourselves feel limited, correct?
Speaker B: No, he's coming. When, when I extracted that.
Speaker A: Transcript of you was the thing that we were trying to find. Right. So structure, I think we had a lot of discussion in the IVLP as well. Right. And so what was there in the IVLP make last year? Discuss water. What structured points were there?
Speaker B: Hello.
Speaker A: Hello. Yes, IVLP, may I think we should discuss Kia. What will discuss Kia organa last Ismar webinar Janto. But we call it IVlpada presentations with a.
Speaker B: Yes. Group presentation. We have given on that.
Speaker A: Correct. We had discussed this presentations up. So these are things that always should be there minds. If you want, you can even take one screenshot also.
Speaker B: Yeah, I won't take anything.
Speaker A: Okay. I think I had shared the, I think the workbook was also shared by Pratishta. This is the whole workbook that we have created. This can really help you to go through. Was the workbook shared with you?
Speaker B: No, I not checked in mail, but.

Speaker A: I will check, I will check. And if it is possible, I will send it over to you. I wanted to go through it. All of, all of these things are, these are questions that you can really ask. Even if you let preparing for presentation, you have less time and you go through these. Definitely we can prepare and definitely you will feel like I need to change something. I need to add more details. All right.
Speaker B: Pitch type, exercise modulation. So yesterday I was completed and they are now in the level two. I have list down the ten exercises there. So that will I upload in next. I will be uploading in the next. This week. Coming with this.
Speaker A: Circulate kartheta because in the next IVP you will be expecting managers to be also there. Want that we give a good presentation because we talk a lot about structure. We want to see that we have applied it as well. So you can always go through the presentation on the reflections of the presentation. Because one key factor and one key feedback that we got from the other team. What was it? If you remember, what was the key factor that the other team or the peer, your peers, your colleague gave you? That was a key feedback fate. What did he say.
Speaker B: In our presentation? We have given the most generic presentation, right.
Speaker A: What did, what did you want?
Speaker B: What did he say? They want exact data particularly suppose anything particular batch wise. Then their production wise, then the market price there. Then he given the data of the particular different batch which he checked their end also there they given the proper tabulated form in the data. More specific they have given.
Speaker A: I think before the IVLP, do you want to take a case, a space that you might have faced. Paint down, paint run down.
Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Can we have something similar to that? Let's say you got, got a work from your manager and you have to give it just two to five minutes presentation that the presentation must have.
Speaker B: Okay. Okay.
Speaker A: Report Banara one, you're giving it. I think one thing that I had taken up with, let's say there was a batch and the last two batches failed. Last two batches failed and your manager is asking why this is failed. You have to give me a report. Just come to my office and our office desk, whatever, and just give me a comprehensive report of why this batch has failed.
Speaker B: Okay. Last two batches, this is the last two batches was failed in a production.
Speaker A: Level, not a product. No, they were, I think having trials and. Okay, you want to give it production? We can give it whatever suits your profile better.
Speaker B: Okay. We both way we can do the production or maybe the in application point of view, whatever. Okay. But we can specify, I can specify the particular situation.
Speaker A: If it gets technical, make it technical. It's okay, right?
Speaker B: Yeah. So more all we have to conclude as a technically also because the data also is there in our presentation. So we need to present as a technical, you can make it technical.
Speaker A: You can connect with your manager also if you want example loop, right. You can do that also you can talk to Chandrasekhar. And even if, let's say we are presenting here, you can share the record with Chandrasekhar also. So from a technical point of view, even he can give you what information did you miss out of what information would have actually helped?
Speaker B: Yes, I will use the more communicate with me also.
Speaker A: This is what he said we thought he says this is something. Yeah, we added to it.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So specific sort of work related. Let only we will try to see what is missing. What are the presentation things that we require.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: That makes most. I leave it up to you. Right. Two batches are failed at production level or what level is something that let you decide details. Abdul Sakta. Right. Let's make sure that it's not confidential.
Speaker B: That's no, I will consider the most of the randomly data. There is a relatively to that particular case and the data will be the between two batches will be the nearby.
Speaker A: That or how you came to the conclusion that this is the specific reason why it has failed to catch it in the first batch. A lot of these details can be covered.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Okay. Wasted two batches where to give up with an answer for that first batch itself.
Speaker B: Okay, I will.
Speaker A: All right, so. And that should be fun.
Speaker B: Yeah. Next week I will give on presentation on this topic.
Speaker A: All right. Minor mistakes. You order. Now we just need to add more details.
Speaker B: Yeah, I understand. So basically we give any about data or anything to you give the specific as well as the more relevant related to that aspect. Whatever I have presented to give more benefit to understand the other people.
Speaker A: Got it. Okay. I'll just check about the workbook and I saw circulate Karunga.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay, good. One person just calls. Good. That's good.
Speaker B: No, because whenever I talk feel more and more knowledge and that's why I call it. Okay.
