Speaker B: Hello Kawasi hello very busy.
Speaker A: Engagement last week.
Speaker B: Last week due to our PM visit at our site in science City Kolkata this director total DP holiday is canceled only for me and other peoples two or three people.
Speaker A: Were you able to work on the grammar conceptions?
Speaker B: But before ten days I had not opened our laptop.
Speaker A: Okay. Have you have mobile?
Speaker B: Yeah yeah yeah yeah.
Speaker A: How will you take it forward sir?
Speaker B: I will. I will completely next interaction actually then I will complete our task. Then we'll be able to complete.
Speaker A: Videos.
Speaker B: They can videos to videos performance.

Speaker A: How to think in English. Hundred english sentences used in a conversation.
Speaker B: Yeah. Morning 09:00 and 10:00 p.m.
Speaker A: Shaving.
Speaker B: Most definite our phone. Actually both. Both pressure. Both use pressure.
Speaker A: Just seeing what can we take up today.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: It'S me. Do check something on it.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So I was just looking at our coaching. So first yes. We map a grammar concept yeah. I think verb forms discussed. Then what else? What else was discussed?
Speaker B: The last thing discuss this method I sended you last time our childhood happiness story regarding.
Speaker A: So grammar concepts. I'm just discussing where.
Speaker B: Where we the use the and articles could discuss. Yes. Okay. Here we use the some particular person to discuss. Then before we use the, and and a.
Speaker A: Articles.
Speaker B: Articles.
Speaker A: Right. Could be news anything that you are.
Speaker B: Currently read right now just like you give me 60 words of news.
Speaker A: Recently para conversations, which was really interesting for you. What I want this particular topic, I want to see how you structure your thoughts.
Speaker B: Just like I will see the some video clip and then he translate in English English language displaying on the screen. Sometimes we are listening.
Speaker A: The reason I am asking you this question is there any topic or interesting. So what I want to do right now is maybe you know think about it through news article or just present on it after opinion, I want to see how that we can work on our structuring of processes. Structuring. Let's say for example for India menu they say they crown randomly right. So anything that comes to your mind.
Speaker B: Just like I said the newspaper about indian economics. Indian economics about some sentences we are reading the newspapers right.

Speaker A: I believe economic crisis and all that develop or a new industry down. So would you like to speak something on that? You can take five minutes. You can use your mobile to you know look at some example articles, right. Care liquidity care crisis. So how about we take something right. And you can present it. Now hold on. Maybe particular article of Economics. You want to tell something? This is what I read and this is what I believe is going to happen, right?
Speaker B: Yes. Right.
Speaker A: So that will help you to structure your thoughts as well. I will be able to give you advice or guidance if possible.
Speaker B: Just like this indian government in past indian government demonetization okay.
Speaker A: And.
Speaker B: This will occur. Indian economy is very for indian economic demonetization. Okay. My thinking is the cash flow is very positive thing in the market. For the developer of the marketing admiting expenses make a bank just like a black money something both are in the market.

Speaker A: Five minutes on the base of demonetization right. So the english word is demonetization. Hindi word is not allowed. So take five minutes gathers into we have a concept. Some very simple concept known as be right. What it says is have a beginning or an introduction to the topic or you know review at the starting a preface books maybe right. Then we have a body body map to bold. But your 2nd. 2nd money income black money it was not affected was the purpose all that data, facts did it actually impact or not? And then I think it's a big failure. That is your conclusion. So try to put it in this sequence. Facts and figures. Lake present curve. I think that would be nice. We can work on that. Right. So I will be here only I'll be just running off my video like.
Speaker B: This ticket.
Speaker A: Makes sense.
Speaker B: Which Path 25.
Speaker A: So just enrich it with a little more data and little more facts. Put it in sequence and present now.
Speaker B: Just like a introduction of the indian economic just like fellow of the north. And second things of the cash flow is very negative in the market due to expense. Due to expenses of other things and bad effect of the note. This is the very crisis in the other sector. GDP is the very fall down comparison to lasted six to seven years at least. Just like our previous team of Manmohan Singh. Doctor Manmohan Singh. This is the very badly news. I'm not ready to prepare.
Speaker A: That is I'm saying take five minutes to structure mind map fill data to uphill for example just clear, right? So let's say you made a mind map. Okay. So the ideas up. Some ideas are sequence.
Speaker B: First step is second step. Third step. Four and six clearly.
Speaker A: On a paper. Why confusion? Write it down. You will set the sequence and then present. Take five minutes. Right? Now. Paper. Pen. Taking.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So I'll see you in five minutes then. Bye.
