Speaker A: Yeah. How are you, Akash?
Speaker B: I am good. How are you? I'm enjoying. We have a holiday in West Bengal going on for that navrat. Sorry. Right now we have a holiday going on in West Bengal, in Kolkata.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker B: So right now I am in my hometown.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So do you like to continue or.
Speaker B: No, no, not an issue. I will continue because we don't have much days left for completing the training thing.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So we completed two sessions so far, if I'm not wrong, only two, three sessions.
Speaker B: Oh. So what's the minimum requirement? I mean, how much session we need to do?
Speaker A: Sorry.
Speaker B: We have completed only three sessions.
Speaker A: Two sessions.
Speaker B: Two?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. And how much is required? How much is required? I think three sessions we have completed. Not two.
Speaker A: Three.
Speaker B: Around three. Last session was cancelled. This is a fourth.
Speaker A: I guess I. I remember only two sessions happening.
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't know.
Speaker A: So what do you remember out of this?
Speaker B: No, no. Because one session I did from my client office that I remember and two from my proper office too.
Speaker A: So I think that you remember.
Speaker B: Articulation and then the mind map things, the use of the words.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And then you asked me to write a two page article. I have sent you that one. I guess you have received it.
Speaker A: Yes. One thing I've sent.
Speaker B: Yeah. Tell me.
Speaker A: Yeah. Am I audible now?
Speaker B: Yes. Yes.

Speaker A: Great. So article, job. Did he use any sort of reference that from the documents that I sent you?
Speaker B: So I mean, what are the things? So 3.34 introduced. What are the benefits of the parliament may pass one. What are the things? Four thoughts 370. What we can discuss in a forum, public forum. What we can say.
Speaker A: Okay. And then how much is you fit from anything? How much is your own material? How much is the copied material?
Speaker B: Whole thing is my material, but taken from a bit and pieces from Google and all that thing. I mean, to understand the thing, what exactly the thing is and what we can more mention. Coffee. I didn't try to change so much, but I understood the thing. These are the four things I need to incorporate and what are the benefits. So. And then I got distance.
Speaker A: No. Nice. So now if you have to give a brief mock presentation on article 370, would you be able to give it?
Speaker B: Okay. This. I have to present it.
Speaker A: I'm just. Mock presentation. I said, if you have to give a brief mock presentation on the same article, would you be able to do it?
Speaker B: Yeah. I can give not an issue, but by seeing the. By seeing the PPT. We have to talk now. I mean, it will be difficult.
Speaker A: So you have anything that you have some solid understanding? I can give you five minutes to go through it. Have some sort of understanding. Think of it as, you know, something that you are explaining to a friend. We'll just try to see and understand. Apnea kitna comprehend. Kia kine works. How much time do you need to just go through it?
Speaker B: Yeah, five minutes will do.
Speaker A: Sure. Let me know when you're ready.
Speaker B: Yeah, sure. So abhi Madlab, should I go through the things?

Speaker A: Yeah, whatever. Write up that you are given. We go through it and we'll do a quick mark presentation and then try to see it.
Speaker B: Depends. I am ready.
Speaker A: Are you ready?
Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, great. Actually I was going through the paper, I mean, what I have written, but that is very difficult for me to frame a thing. So I have not. So I have now decided we will just talk like a friendship. How one will explain to the other.
Speaker A: Exactly. Basically I have imagine that I am a friend who has completely no knowledge about article 370 and I have come to approach you by article 370K. So you are explaining in English.
Speaker B: Okay. I mean, I might be wrong in some points. So if I am wrong, then you can you just rectify me the things because I also don't know exact, the status and what the thing it is. So basically, Jammu and Kashmir is a part of India. And earlier in the. Before the. Before the independence, the neighboring, like China, Pakistan, India, all were. All were what I say they were. Jammu and Kashmir is a part of their country as well. So for that reason, a part of Jammu and Kashmir, they have been given a separate legislation by the indian constitution where only the people of Jammu and Kashmir can perform their activity. Nobody can go out from j and k. Like girls can't get married to the people outside Jammu and Kashmir. If they get married, then their citizenship will be over like from the other part of India. Also, the people cannot come to Jammu and Kashmir and start their business or purchase land or do any kind of activities that was not allowed. So basically for this. For this thing also, the tourism thing was not going well in the Jammu and Kashmir. The people cannot come to the place and the business would have got better. So in the recent 5 August 2019, our president has issued a constitutional order to revoke the. To revoke the article 3370. So from now onwards, what can happen that any people can, in a simple language, what I can say, whatever we, whatever rights we have in west Bengal or in Karnataka the same rights have been given to the people of Jammu and Kashmir. Whatever we do, they can also do. We can. We can do business there. We can purchase land there. The people from there come to our state. They can get married. Every rights have been given to them. They have also given the right to education and that right to Information act has also been provided to them. So basically from now onwards what benefit? We can see that the tourism industry or what you can or the Fleming industry where in the earlier days we have seen that most of the films are getting shoot in outside India rather than in Jammu and Kashmir because of the disputes and all the terrorist activity. But from now onwards people will do business. Recently we have heard that the Reliance company will set up a. Will be setting up a huge, huge investment in J and K for their business. So that is beneficial for the people of Jammu and Kashmir. So that they will get the employment out there from Jammu and Kashmir and they can improve their livelihood. The thing is. So basically this is a good move by the indian government to revoke section 375.
Speaker A: I understand. So you have covered the basic context of the whole article 370 as such. But in your article you have described so many consequences through which you know article 370 can make changes. So what are those radical changes that might happen and then how might can affect. So the reason why I told you to present is that whenever we try to prepare any sort of presentation, right. Or any writer. So it depends upon how we actually prepare our mind. Are we structuring our thoughts or are we creating an opinion upon the same thing or not? Sorry for the disturbance. So we need to have an opinion about this particular topic. Then only we will be in a position to explain others. Otherwise you can't. So whatever that present write up is there, the reason why I told you to give you this presentation is that how much are you able to retain from that? How much are you able to give out? Because I can see that when I see the write up it is almost closing up to 60 40. You know, 60% is your material. 40% is something that is taken out so I can make out when I read it. So when there is this particular format it makes it interesting that either you have your opinion and then you're substantiating with some sort of evidence that you took it from the Internet. But throughout the whole presentation you never gave your opinion. I mean throughout the whole write up there was. Your opinion was absent. So what do you feel about it.
Speaker B: At last I said, nagi, I mean I think it's a good move by the government to revoke section 370 so that, I mean, the people will get the employment out of there.
Speaker A: Lack of Jammu Kashmir has been blood down and all. Right.
Speaker B: Yeah. Actually, if you have. If you have told me earlier that I need to speak also on this, so then I would have prepared that.

Speaker A: So I won't tell you each and everything. Right. I can do things so that this is where you realize things.
Speaker B: You know, at the time of drafting something, we used to, I mean, take out things from the Internet and just normally draft without analyzing the thing or without giving much. So don't give much thought.
Speaker A: Like some. You don't give much thought to the matter that we try to put just to fill the pages. Only sometimes we just do it. It should not be like that. It should be some sort of logical transition for each and every day. So you remember the concept of causality?
Speaker B: Sorry, causality. I can't. I can't understand what.
Speaker A: Causality. Causality.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Causality.
Speaker B: You have sent me the document analytical thinking, critical thinking and all that.
Speaker A: Abhiya Internet may type kara causality. Kyota causality.
Speaker B: The relationship between cause and effect. The principle that everything has a cause.
Speaker A: So this causality needs to be present within our write up as well as presentation. Each and everything needs to be related. So if you remember, the whole flow of the presentation is divided into three basic points. Beginning, body and end.
Speaker B: Yeah. Beginning, body and end.
Speaker A: So all these three needs to have maintained causality. There needs to be a logical transition that exists between beginning to body, body to end. Okay. Otherwise the whole flow will go up. Yeah.
Speaker B: No, no, but. But that mind map thing. Naki. Suppose I have selected a topic, section 370. Then I have certain things key section 370 may what we can think of. And then how to then draft it. Like beginning, context and end.
Speaker A: So good point. So.
Speaker B: Mind map, make it a points around supposedly five. Five points were there.
Speaker A: Five is very less.
Speaker B: Less. Yeah, you told that three is less and five to eight is. I mean, okay, ten minimum.
Speaker A: If you are able to create, then you have a solid knowledge based on the topic of discussion. If you're able to filter five. Suppose panch is a hair history. That becomes one point where you cover all the y aspects of article 370. Okay. And then why it got revoked. That is one thing that you can talk about. I'm just randomly sampling five things or as if it revokes. What are the impact? What is the impact?
Speaker B: What is the consequences? Right.
Speaker A: Consequences that you have covered. So I'm taking points from you also. So after this, what can you talk about?
Speaker B: What are the benefits? Sorry, consequences maybe of two types. I mean the negative and the positive. So benefits will come under that thing.
Speaker A: Only economic, political and then cultural impact you can talk about.
Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Explained like business booming will happen politically, how much turbulence will happen and then cultural integration, will it happen or not? How will it change? So let's take these five things and then try to analyze it. So when you're talking about beginning, we establish context and introduction. So prior going to this thing, probably you can start, start off with a news headline, an interesting news headline that you think. I'm just giving you random example how we can actually start. Let's say take a popular headline from Times of India or somewhere, an interesting user, you can directly see and read it. So by this, what do we understand? This is a strong statement and then quite a unexpected move from the government that has happened on so and so date. So now hopefully the audience will be able to connect with you when a news is read like this. And then you quote the source also according to so and so, I would like to read a particular news before you actually start about the topic. That way you can start, that becomes your context.
Speaker B: There should be a, I mean good headline or good what we can say. So that that can attract context.
Speaker A: Any single context that I'm saying context can be set in different ways. You can give a storytelling also you can show it showcase with an experience. So context shaping can be done in many ways. There is no right or wrong answer to it. So news was. So I felt that for article 370, reading out a news line would actually grab attention. That is what I felt. And then you can talk about the introduction. So hopefully now the audience will be aware of what the topic is all about. And then now you can enter into the topic itself. So about Atkin 370. So where did it all start? Why is why there is a lot of buzz in India as of now and then why people are talking about it. And then by the outside world, people who are in the UK are talking about it. So let us go through it. So what exactly is article 370? Then you talk about the historical aspect that becomes your context as well as introduction. So when you briefly discuss about historical aspect, then you try to engage through a logical transition here and then come into the body part. So this transition can be done in many ways. So one of the quick transition that I can think of as of now is how did the government take into consideration that article 370, the clause three of article three stumps it should be revoked. And then what exactly does the clause three tell us? Let's look into it. Then you can portray the clause three. And then you can read it out. You can give a short analysis about what is exactly does clause three mean? Because constitutional language is something very unique. And that people don't obviously directly understand or comprehend it. If you give a short explanation of the clause three about what exactly does it mean?
Speaker B: Yeah, that brief could have been given by me. I mean what is 370 and what is.

Speaker A: So this is what. So by this clause three it means that Jammu Kashmir will be given a special status. And then those rights are reserved with the original people of Jammu and Kashmir itself. But how far is it legitimate? Because there's so many problems associated with it. How do you classify a citizen into a Jammu and Kashmir? Right. What is originality? How would you validate it? What is the authentication? So many questions arises in the audience mind. Then you go and go into the little bit of technicalities. And then you make into the logical condition too. Now why did the government recover, revoke it? What is government's point of view? Towards the same. Now you tell the government's points of view probably. And then move into your point of view. Or you can move into the experts point of view. So what do some of the major experts in our country think? What sort of economical or political impact or the cultural impact might happen? So there are two different ballgames here. Some people think that it might improve the interest relationships or the freedom in the Jammu and Kashmir. Some might not. You weigh the pros and cons. So you are giving all the facts, details along with examples. And then towards the end you can always see that. So so far we have gone through why exactly article three has happened. Why and what are the intricate details. And then the clauses decide about article 370. Why government revoked it. What are the socio economic impacts that affect and then the future prospects. So now considering all these facts and details you conclude giving your opinion so far we have. So right now what you're doing. You're summarizing all the things that you wanted to convey. A brief summary so that audience can go through it. So this summarization aspect is a logical transition. So whenever you're giving a lot of information there within the body part. Suddenly you can say. You cannot say that. Okay, let's conclude this by saying you need to give a short summarization. So that the logical transition is smooth.
Speaker B: So before giving my final opinion then I have to summarize the thing.
Speaker A: All the facts and details. Then you can say that, you know, people might have their own sorts of beliefs, but I strongly believe that the strongly believe word gives that effect, that you are providing some sort of value to the discussion itself.
Speaker B: I mean, you told me so much. I mean, I think at an instance, I wouldn't have. I couldn't have thought of so much of things.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's fine, fine. So right now, also, I'm giving something that are coming on top of my mind itself. I am doing improve.
Speaker B: Look, I mean, in the, in five minutes instance, you have given me so many points. I mean, if you have taken one day, you have written hundred pages, I guess, on this.

Speaker A: So I am trying to explain the importance of causality between all these entities. Everything needs to be correlated so that it's like a screenplay of a movie, basically.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I mean, I have to think of all the things before I start writing. I mean, I have to think of all the things before I start writing.
Speaker A: Instant Chodina upcoming preparation time. And then you prepared a write up. That is your preparation. So once you prepared a write up, it is evident that you are a credible person on that knowledge. If you're not able to emulate the same that you have written through speech, that's when you are failing. So writing. The reason why I told you to write is writing is the only area or the time that you get. Because bots are a time. How do we frame our sentences? If you are simply taking some sort of information and putting it, then your purpose is lost. If you're able to write it on your own, then you'll remember for sure. Then you can present anywhere, anytime, and within whatever time that you can. Article 375 30 minutes, both sakta ten minutes will do. Ten minutes, both sakta two minutes. Two minutes before. So writing is such a powerful tool. So it needs to spend some considerable amount of time writing any particular article. And that's why I told you to write your understanding rather than taking the information. We often neglect writing, so I don't. I wanted to stress on that part.
Speaker B: Actually, we do neglect these.
Speaker A: Okay, so try it another shot. In the next session, I would like to just briefly revise all the grammar concepts. If you tell, is it okay with you? Hello. Yeah, in the next session, I would like to briefly revisit all the grammar concepts once so that we can get an understanding.
Speaker B: Yeah, sure.
Speaker A: Hello Akash Nafka signal we Kotajara.
